Body ID,articleBody
0,"A small meteorite crashed into a wooded area in Nicaragua's capital of Managua overnight, the government said Sunday. Residents reported hearing a mysterious boom that left a 16-foot deep crater near the city's airport, the Associated Press reports. Government spokeswoman Rosario Murillo said a committee formed by the government to study the event determined it was a ""relatively small"" meteorite that ""appears to have come off an asteroid that was passing close to Earth."" House-sized asteroid 2014 RC, which measured 60 feet in diameter, skimmed the Earth this weekend, ABC News reports. Murillo said Nicaragua will ask international experts to help local scientists"
4,"Last week we hinted at what was to come as Ebola fears spread across America. Today, we get confirmation. As The Daily Caller reports, one passenger at Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C. is apparently not taking any chances. A female passenger dressed in a hazmat suit - complete with a full body gown, mask and gloves - was spotted Wednesday waiting for a flight at the airport. Source: The Daily Caller We particularly liked the JCPenney bag - maybe that's a new business line for the bankrupt retailer... * * * On a side note, try Halloween stores if you need a Haz-Mat suit in"
5,"(NEWSER) – Wonder how long a Quarter Pounder with cheese can last? Two Australians say they bought a few McDonald's burgers for friends back in 1995, when they were teens, and one of the friends never showed up."
6,"Posting photos of a gun-toting child online, ISIS supporters announced that the group’s youngest soldier has died in combat. Twitter accounts linked to the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham claimed that the child soldier “got martyred” with his father while fighting for the terrorist group in Syria."
7,Boko Haram has not confirmed truce and there have been at least six attacks over the weekend – blamed by security sources on the insurgents – that have killed several dozen people
8,"There is so much fake stuff on the Internet in any given week that we've grown tired of debunking it all. Fake Twitter fights. Fake DHL ads. Amazing viral video? Nope -- a Jimmy Kimmel stunt! So, rather than take down each and every undeservedly viral story that crosses our monitors each week, we're rounding them all up in a quick, once-a-week Friday debunk of fake photos, misleading headlines and bad studies that you probably shouldn't share over the weekend. Ready? Here's what was fake on the Internet this week: 1. The Nobel Committee doesn't ""regret"
9,"A meteorite crashed down in Managua, Nicaragua, late Saturday night, causing a loud explosion and leaving a crater 39 feet (12 meters) across, government officials said."
10,"Move over, Netflix and Hulu. Word has it that Amazon is looking to launch an ad-supported streaming video service, which could give rivals a run for their money. The online retail giant is planning to roll out the new service early next year, the New York Post reported on Friday. It would be separate from Amazon's $99 yearly Prime membership, which offers unlimited movie streaming from the Instant Video library. In a statement, an Amazon spokeswoman neither confirmed nor denied the rumor. ""We currently offer the first episode of some television shows free with ads through our First Episode Free feature on Amazon Instant Video, and there are display ads"
11,"We’ve all seen the traditional depictions of God as a cloud-dwelling figure with a flowing mane and a white beard. But now, a Catholic priest in America has apparently claimed that God is female, after he officially died for 48 minutes following a massive heart attack."
13,A SOLDIER has been shot at Canada’s National War Memorial with witnesses saying a gunman than ran to the nation’s parliament. Canada’s parliament is in lockdown following the gunfire with heavily armed police racing to seal off the building and the office of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper.. Canadian media is reporting that a soldier has been wounded in the attack.
14,U.S. military officials say they are investigating claims that Islamic State fighters seized a cache of weapons that were airdropped by U.S.-led coalition forces and meant for Kurdish militiamen.
15,"Don't fucking cheat on Cassy, aka @NessLovnTrey247 (she really likes Trey Songz), because she finds out everything. DONT FUCKING CHEAT ON ME I FIND OUT EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!! pic.twitter.com/EoNsvR0Ol1 — Cassy (@NessLovnTrey247) December 28, 2014 Cassy claims via a series of photos that she discovered some incriminating Twitter DMs between her boyfriend and another woman, proving he'd been unfaithful. But instead of"
16,"The Scottish SPCA is keen to trace the owner of shar pei-crossbeed Kai, who was discovered tied to a railing outside Ayr station on Friday"
17,"An article saying NASA confirmed six days of “total darkness” in December is fake and it’s merely an iteration of an old Internet hoax. Essentially every year, there’s bogus rumors saying that there will be three days of darkness in December, but they’ve obviously proven not to be true. They seem to reference the Three Days of Darkness mentioned by Catholic prophets. However, a “satirical” and entertainment website, Huzlers.com, posted an article about six days of darkness. It uses fake quotes from a NASA official. “WORLDWIDE – NASA has confirmed that the Earth will experience 6"
18,"Italian fisherman Dino Ferrari landed what could potentially be a world record wels catfish in Italy's Po Delta. Ferrari's fish measured an incredible 8.7 feet in length and weighed 280 pounds. The current weight record for a wels catfish is over 300 pounds, but according to the Daily Mirror, Ferrari may have set a record for the largest catfish to be caught with a rod and reel. Here's photographic proof that this thing could just swallow an adult if it wanted to. Sportex Italia/Facebook Sportex Italia/Facebook"
22,"HBO's subscription streaming service will be called HBO Now and is expected to cost $15 per month, according to the International Business Times. The report says that HBO is targeting a launch for Now in early April, ahead of the start date for Game of Thrones. While Game of Thrones would be a great way for HBO to drive subscriptions to the new service, it'll have to be careful if it plans to do that: last year, HBO's online streaming option for cable subscribers, HBO Go, wouldn't work for many who were trying to watch during the premiere. That would be a very bad look for a new"
23,"In a sprawling Facebook post and subsequent interview with Radar Online, a woman named Taylor Lianne Chandler has made a number of fascinating claims about herself and her alleged relationship with Michael Phelps. Among them: she was born intersex with ambiguous genitalia, met the Olympic swimmer on Tinder, and fucked said Olympic swimmer on their first date watching football on TV. ""Many of you have wondered why I was so freaked out about my relationship with Michael Phelps being exposed,"" the 41-year-old D.C.-area woman begins her post. ""Here is the truth."" I was born intersex and named David Roy Fitch"
24,Macaulay Culkin is not dead. The actor is just next victim in a long line of Hollywood death hoaxes. The rumor started when a Facebook page was made to memorialize the actor.
25,"DUBAI - A prominent Saudi Arabian cleric has whipped up controversy by issuing a religious ruling forbidding the building of snowmen, describing them as anti-Islamic. Asked on a religious website if it was permissible for fathers to build snowmen for their children after a snowstorm in the country's north, Sheikh Mohammed Saleh al-Munajjid replied: ""It is not permitted to make a statue out of snow, even by way of play and fun."" Quoting from Muslim scholars, Sheikh Munajjid argued that to build a snowman was to create an image of a human being, an action considered sinful under the kingdom'"
26,"Eran Cicurel, an editor at Voice of Israel, has quoted YPG fighters familiar with the situation in Kobani, saying that Gill Rosenberg was not captured by IS. Cicurel's claims contradict IS claims, which made announcements on IS-affiliated websites Samoach al-Islam, al-Platform Media, and Twitter that Rosenberg had been captured. Earlier in the day, IS media sources even alleged that a video was coming soon. Considering the scale of yesterday's IS advance, the story appeared plausible. Close friends, comrades, and supporters also voiced credible concern on Rosenberg's Facebook page. The YPG fighters noted"
27,"Phoenix, AZ — A Phoenix boy is behind bars tonight after his mother called 9-1-1 when she found her son in his room, watching pornography and masturbating."
29,"A British rapper now fighting with the Islamic State (aka ISIS) is reportedly a suspect in the beheading of American journalist James Foley, according to several unconfirmed published reports, including the Independent."
30,"DNA tests confirm Lebanon is holding the young daughter of Islamic State (IS) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the country's interior minister says."
32,"FERGUSON, St. Louis (CNN) — Could a newly released audio provide more clues on what led up to Michael Brown’s shooting death? The FBI has questioned a man who says he recorded audio of gunfire at the time Brown was shot by Ferguson police on August 9, the man’s attorney told CNN."
34,"Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary, who went by the rap name L. Jinny or Lyricist Jinn, is a suspect in the beheading of journalist James Foley this week."
35,"AK Verma, an executive engineer at the Central Public Works Department, was fired after last appearing for work in December 1990. ""He went on seeking extension of leave, which was not sanctioned, and defied directions to report to work,"" the government said in a statement on Thursday. Even after an inquiry found him guilty of ""wilful absence from duty"" in 1992, it took another 22 years and the intervention of a cabinet minister to remove him, the government said. Government fires employee who skipped work for 24 years AK Verma, an executive engineer at the Central Public Works Department, was fired after last appearing for work in December 1990. #india #"
36,"The London Metropolitan Police has denied reports that street artist Banksy has been arrested on Monday after a 24-hour Anti-Graffiti Task Force operation. A Met spokesperson said the force did not have any information of such arrest and even if they had, it was possible they would not publish a press release about it. Meanwhile, the fake press release initially published by PR Log has been taken down."
40,"Young North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un’s health is just fine, his government said Thursday evening, so his sister is probably not running the country. It was said Kim Yo Jong had taken over while her brother underwent medical treatment, but So Se Pyong, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea's ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, told Reuters Kim was not in bad health."
41,"Although Apple has given us our first peek at the Apple Watch, so far we don’t know much about it, including when it will be released or how much its many versions will cost. A new report, however, provides some possible answers to these questions."
43,"The small town of Purdon, Texas has been quarantined after a family of five tested positive for the Ebola virus. Purdon is located just 70 miles from Dallas, Texas, and the hospital that has cared for both American Ebola patients, Thomas Eric Duncan, and Texas nurse, Nina Pham. It has been verified that Jack Phillips [...]"
44,"This is the shocking moment a US Marine gets shot in the head by a Taliban sniper – but is saved by his helmet. Captured on a helmet-mounted camera, the video shows three Marines during a joint helicopter raid in the Now Zad district, Helmand Province, Afghanistan, in 2013"
45,Zack Snyder recently unveiled an official photo of the Batmobile from Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. But immediately after came word that one of the Batmobiles has been stolen.
47,"After campaigning on a promise to reform stop-and-frisk, Mayor Bill de Blasio is set to launch his most significant effort to address the issues raised by the policy. Law-enforcement officials tell the New York Times that soon the NYPD may issue tickets for low-level marijuana possession rather than making arrests. Under the de Blasio administration's planned changes to the city's marijuana policy, those caught with a small amount of weed would be issued a court summons, but avoid a trip to the police station. The shift could have a huge impact in black and Latino communities, as a recent study found those groups represented 86 percent"
48,"The interwebs was all aflutter today with news that elusive graffiti artist, political activist, film director, painter and long time fugitive that for years has gone by the pseudonymous name of Banksy, was arrested early this morning by London's Metropolitan Police."
51,"A Kansas City TV station, KCTV-5 reported Saturday night someone was being quarantined at Rockhill Research Hospital (Research Medical Center), according to their sister station in Wichita, KWCH."
53,"Lego sent a message addressed ‘To parents’ inside a box of assorted building blocks, explaining how ‘the urge to create is equally strong in all children... boys and girls’"
54,"A nun living in an Italian convent has given birth to a surprise baby after complaining of stomach pains, according to the Italian press. The nun, who came to Italy from South America, belonged to an order called the Missionary Sisters of the Love of Christ in Macerata, located in the Italian region of Le Marche."
55,"FEARS have been raised that Islamic militants have seized a dozen commercial aircraft in an attack on a Libyan airport last week. Now, according to a report, intelligence agencies are warning the jets could be used in 9/11-style attacks. &ldquo;There are a number of commercial airliners in Libya that are missing,&rdquo; one official told The Washington Free Beacon this morning. &ldquo;We found out on September 11 what can happen with hijacked planes.&rdquo; The report said intelligence reports distributed within the US government over the past few weeks have detailed the types of aircraft believed seized. Several have the"
56,A man accused of attempting to rape a girl in India has been left in a critical condition after locals cut off his genitals as punishment. The group took the law into their own hands after they found a 40-year old man pinning a young girl to the wall in the north-eastern city of Ganganagar.
59,This is the moment a group of Russians captured video footage of what they believed was a Yeti walking through the woods. The footage shows a 'bear-like' figure covered in hair emerging from an area of snow-covered trees in the south-western Adygeya Republic before disappearing again seconds later. A team had set out in search of the mysterious creature after local television reported that it had been sighted in a remote region an hour's drive away from the city of Adygeisk. Scroll down for video Sighting: A team of Russians believe they have captured footage of the elusive Yeti in a remote patch of woodland
60,"White House says it is working to establish video's authenticity, but if it was genuine, US would be 'appalled by the brutal murder'"
61,"NORTH Korean leader Kim Jong Un is in firm control of his government but has hurt his leg, a source with access to North Korea’s leadership said yesterday, playing down speculation over the 31-year-old’s health and grip on power. North Korea’s state media, which usually chronicles Kim’s whereabouts in great detail, has not made any mention of his activities since he attended a concert with his wife on September 3. The source said that Kim hurt his leg while inspecting military exercises. “He ordered all the generals to take part in drills and he took part, too. They were crawling and running and rolling"
62,"Nigeria says it has struck a cease-fire deal with Boko Haram, raising hopes that over 200 schoolgirls who were kidnapped by the militant group will be released. But mystery continues to surround the identity of the interlocutor on the other side of the negotiations. Nigerian officials said the deal was reached in Chad on Friday in talks with a Saudi Arabia-based Boko Haram representative named Danladi Ahmadu. The name took many by surprise, including people who have been involved in previous negotiations with Boko Haram. “I have failed to find anyone who has ever heard of him,” BBC’s Nigeria correspondent wrote. “We've tried verifying the"
63,"North Korean leader Kim Jong-un had surgery in Pyongyang in mid-September to treat fractures to both ankles and remains in hospital, a source claimed Monday."
65,"McDonald's Removing Big Mac, Apple Pies And Eliminating Large Size Options. McDonald's has just announced that it will be phasing out 8 menu items the beginning of next year and most McDonald's customers are not happy. With McDonald's profits tanking over the recent months, the company has [...]"
68,"The Racket Report - KFC Gets Occupational Business License To Sell Marijuana In Colorado Restaurants. In the state of Colorado, marijuana dispensaries are big business - earning some retailers nearly $1 million per year. Those numbers were so appealing to the KFC Corporation, they decided to incorporate a marijuana dispensary with their Colorado franchise restaurants. Franchisees have the opportunity to expand into the business for an additional $35,000 setup fee. The KFC Corporation was approved on February 3, 2015 for their Marijuana Retail Recreational Pot / Medical Marijuana Occupational Business License. Currently, 42 of the nearly 100 KFC franchises in the state of Colorado have added this “option” to their menu. "
70,"At least one of the big boys is planning on developing an app for the Apple Watch. eBay has posted an ad listing, looking for a developer to help them come up with a bidding app for Cupertino’s new smartwatch. Although the ad was originally posted to eBay’s career page way back in November, it [...]"
72,"Less than two weeks after Leonardo DiCaprio broke off talks with Sony to play Steve Jobs, the studio has set its sights back on Christian Bale. See more Hollywood's 100 Favorite Films Sources say Sony is beginning negotiations with The Fighter actor, who was originally eyed to play the late Apple Computer co-founder back when David Fincher was in talks to direct. The move comes after Bale's negotiations with Fox to star in The Deep Blue Goodbye hit a roadblock. Sources say Fox was trying to include sequel options for Bale to tackle the lead role of Detective Travis McGee in what is hoped to be a franchise starter, but the actor balked"
74,"At least one of five Taliban militants released by the Obama administration in a controversial exchange for American soldier Bowe Bergdahl has attempted to reestablish contacts with the Taliban in Afghanistan, U.S. officials told NBC News on Thursday. There was no indication the former prisoner, being held in Qatar, made contact with the Taliban. The officials said it is unclear whether this was an actual attempt to rejoin the Taliban militants in Afghanistan. ""We're closely monitoring the situation and see no potential threat"" from the attempted communication, a senior U.S. official said. The official could not say exactly how the former prisoner tried to reach the"
75,"HBO is in talks with Apple over a partnership that would see its upcoming standalone web-only subscription television package available on the Apple TV, reports Michael Learmonth, writing for International Business Times. CNBC has also confirmed that Apple and HBO are in talks in the video tweet posted below. BREAKING: Sources tell @JBoorstin that Apple & HBO are in talks for Apple TV to be a launch partner for 'HBO Now'. https://t.co/hQd9AzA3Xr — CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) March 4, 2015 Apple could potentially be one of HBO's launch partners for"
76,"The Department of Homeland Security has repeatedly said that the assertion that ISIS-affiliated terrorists were arrested while crossing the U.S.-Mexico border is ""categorically false and not supported by any credible intelligence or facts on the ground."""
77,"Ahmed Abdi Godane, also known as Mukhtar Abu Zubeyr, is al-Shabab's spiritual leader under whose direction the Somali militants forged an alliance with al-Qaida and became the most high-profile terrorist group in Africa"
78,"This rumour is ridiculous, but it's pretty amusing and not all that hard to believe given where Zack Snyder is currently shooting Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. According to Bleeding Cool (who are often pretty reliable on the rumour front), ""The scuttlebutt from sources in Detroit is that one of the Batmobile models being used in the filming of Batman Vs. Superman has gone missing, believed stolen."" Seriously? The best set video we can get of the iconic vehicle in action is from about 300 feet away, but someone got close enough to steal one of the damn things? As I said, this is hard to believe"
80,"Seven year old superhero abilities Nick discovered his chance. After his electric shocks, second graders fork and spoon in his hands do not need to keep, metal objects stick to themselves ""Magneto"" of Isilkulsky District. - When I do not even want, everything appears. Once I even pulled glass. Pushed itself - shared boy magnet elementary school pupil Vodyaninskoy Nicholas Kruglyachenko. At school, Nick is one of the most popular students. Classmates often asked to demonstrate superpowers. Magnetic boy ready if necessary to help. - If you see that someone needs help, will never pass by. Here"
81,"In this week's edition of lies, fakes, pranks and cheats on the Internet, we bring you a spray-painted penis on a very expensive car."
82,"It was a heartwarming story for legions of pet owners and animal lovers around the world. Pope Francis, talking to a distraught boy whose pet had died, declared there was a place in heaven for the creatures we share our lives with."
83,"There's not being ready to go on camera. And then there's really, really not being ready. Like, not even a little bit. This was the unfortunate case experienced by meteorologist Mike Seidel this weekend while reporting on the stormy weather in North Carolina. There has been some speculation as to what Mike was or was not doing. Think what you will: H/T FTVLive UPDATE: Nov. 4-- Brian Williams issued a statement during ""Nightly News"" Monday night to clear up the confusion about what Seidel was actually doing. ""Mike had lost cellphone contact with our control room, so he couldn’t"
84,"AN American journalist who has been missing for almost two years has reportedly been executed by the Islamic State (IS). James Wright Foley went missing in on November 22, 2012, while reporting fro..."
86,"After brutally beating up African youth at a metro station in New Delhi, the mob has now delivered brute justice, this time by castrating a man who was trying to rape a teenage girl in Ganganagar, Rajasthan"
87,"Vogue's downtown migration to One World Trade Center was documented with military precision on Instagram. Models pitched in (though it must have been tough to get much done in a floor-length gown). Will.i.am helped schlep boxes, for some reason. Now the magazine is firmly established downtown, and amid the helicopter-assisted sunset vistas, it appears that there may also be a less picturesque facet to the new digs. Gawker is reporting that the offices are #blessed with a rat infestation. According to one of their sources, Anna Wintour has decreed that the staff ""must ensure that her personal office is rat"
88,"After a full day spent lying on her back on a muddy wooden plank, chipping with painstaking care at the underside of a stone block to free the time capsule hidden within, Museum of Fine Arts conservator Pam Hatchfield sat up in front of the State House to a round of applause, a green box held delicately in her hands. “I feel happy and relieved. And excited. And really interested to see what’s in this box,” she said Thursday night, after posing for a selfie with the capsule for her mom. The extrication took more than seven hours and involved about a dozen workers. The original contents of the time"
89,EXTREMISTS fighting for the Islamic State (IS) have started launching bombs packed with live SCORPIONS. Bomb canisters – packed with the venemous arachnids – are being blasted into towns an...
91,"A British man forked out $460 to save the life of his goldfish — after it became constipated. The dedicated owner took his blocked-up 3-inch pet to a vet after realizing it was struggling to pass waste, reports the Norfolk Daily Eastern Press."
93,"A Chinese woman spent an entire week in a KFC eating fried chicken wings after being dumped by her boyfriend because she ‘needed time to think’. Lovesick Tan Shen, 26, from Chengdu, in China’s southwest Sichuan Province, went to the fast food chain in search of some comfort food to get over the break-up. But seven days later Tan was still ordering chicken wings with a side of extra large fries at the KFC near a train station by her home. Lovesick Tan Shen, 26, went to the fast food chain in search of some comfort food to get over the break-up She even phoned in sick to work"
95,"A recent footage of a sniper bullet hitting a US marine on the helmet during a helicopter raid in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, has gone viral on social media."
99,"Shane Smith, the sometimes controversial but always press-friendly CEO of Vice Media, has found another way to make news: reportedly spend $300,000 on a Las Vegas meal."
104,"NO AMOUNT of money is enough for Led Zeppelin front man Robert Plant to get the band back together. The 66-year-old singer walked away from a 35-date tour that would have paid the rock group nearly $924 million — ripping up the contract in front of stunned promoters, The Mirror newspaper reported."
105,"As Apple gears up to launch the Apple Watch in April this year, Tim Cook while talking to an employee at the Apple Store spilled some extra information about the wearable before the launch."
107,"Never fear, Banksy fans: the infamous street-artist has not been unmasked, despite frenzied reports on American websites. Online news sites were subject to a hoax on Friday from US ‘media troll extaordinaire’ Paul Horner. Sites Complex, Death and Taxes, and Jezebel published online stories stating that Paul Horner, 39, had been identified as the street-artist known as Banksy, and had been arrested by British police in Watford. Horner is in fact editor of the cunningly-named Super Official News website, where he makes statements such as: “Until then just remember, if it’s on the internet it must"
108,"Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson shot down claims on Thursday that a ""porous"" U.S. southern border is allowing terrorists, Ebola and a surge of unaccompanied minors into the country, despite claims to the contrary by some politicians. Johnson tried to dispel rumors and dial back fears during a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, saying there have been improvements to border security. He said the number of unaccompanied minors apprehended in fiscal year 2014 was 68,434 -- considerably lower than a projection of 90,000. Claims that four terrorists had crossed the border were false, he said, and the government is intensifying efforts to keep Ebola out of the"
109,"There is no end to Apple's woes when it comes to the iPhone 6 Forget #bendgate, iPhone 6 Plus users have discovered a new woe to add to their list of complaints, and it already has its own hashtag: #hairgate. After reports that Apple's new handset bends if enough pressure is applied to it, users are now taking to Twitter to claim that the smartphone is catching hairs from people's heads and beards and pulling them out. ""I'm concerned about my iPhone 6 Plus, keeps yanking out my hair when I'm making a call,"" an anonymous user wrote in a community"
110,"As a series of ex-soldiers come forward to criticize Brian Williams for his ‘stolen valor’ Iraq war story, it is being reported that top level executives at NBC News had known the tale was fake and had been begging the newscaster for years to stop repeating it"
112,"The man who scaled the White House fence this month actually ran through the building into the East Room, much farther than the Secret Service initially disclosed. The intruder overpowered a Secret Service officer posted near the door before penetrating deep into the mansion's main floor, the Washington Post reported: An alarm box near the front entrance of the White House designed to alert guards to an intruder had been muted at what officers believed was a request of the usher's office, said a Secret Service official who spoke on the condition of anonymity. The female officer posted inside the front door appeared to be delayed in learning that the intruder, Omar Gonzalez, was"
114,A TEXAN plumber is getting death threats after his old truck — still bearing his name — was tweeted on the front line by Islamic jihadists in Syria.
115,"Afghanistan veteran Sam Arnold uploaded this spine-chilling video of a US Marine getting a direct headshot from a Taliban sniper—only to be saved by his kevlar helmet. It's incredible to watch, especially the face of relief and disbelief of the impact victim. That was a really close call. According to Arnold, ""the Marines were conducting a joint helicopter raid in the Now Zad district, Helmand Province in 2013..."
116,"A nun has stunned her fellow sisters and mother superior after GIVING BIRTH to a baby boy after suffering severe stomach pains. The woman, who belonged to an order in Macerata, Italy, said she..."
117,"Reasons cited for his mysterious disappearance range from ill health through an addiction to cheese to him being placed under house arrest. Now the latest explanation for Kim Jong Un's conspicuous absence is that he has simply injured his leg. A source with access to the secretive North's leadership today insisted the leader is in firm control of his government, playing down speculation over the 31-year-old's health and grip on power. North Korea's state media, which usually chronicles Kim's whereabouts in great detail, has not made any mention of his activities since he attended a concert with his wife on September 3. The source said that"
118,"VideoYou remember the video we posted about late Friday? When I put that item up, the video had a little more than 10,000 views. Now it's got more than 1.7 million. Well, turns out that one of the onlookers who rushed to the defense of the man attacked by an antigay bigot at Dallas-Fort..."
119,"TEXAS CITY, Texas (AP) — A Texas plumber is getting some unwanted attention after one of his old company vehicles appeared in a photo posted on an Islamic militant group's social media account. Mark-1 Plumbing in Texas City has been flooded with calls after the picture appeared on Twitter, The Galveston County Daily News reported. The photo shows a black pickup truck with a Mark-1 Plumbing decal on the door and an anti-aircraft gun in the bed."
120,"An attorney representing a man who says he realized he had inadvertently recorded audio of the Michael Brown shooting has provided that audio to CNN: Attorney Lopa Blumenthal says the recording was made during a video chat. The audio captures what seem like 10 gunshot sounds—an initial group of six, then a pause, then four more. An autopsy of Brown's body performed at his family's request by an experienced forensic pathologist named Michael Baden indicated Brown was hit by at least six shots. Eyewitness Dorian Johnson, a friend of Brown's, has said that officer Darren Wilson fired several shots at Brown after Brown had turned toward him and"
121,"By RYAN GORMAN <n> <n> Claim: Deandre Joshua was murdered after testifying before a grand jury in Ferguson. FALSE Example: [Collected via email, December 2014] Deandre Joshua, 20 was murdered after testifying to a grand jury in the ferguson, MO case. Supposedly he was found not far from where Brown's body was & he was covered in lighter fluid. It was a post I saw on FB & just wondered if it was true. Origins: Shortly after a 20-year-old man named Deandre Joshua was killed in Ferguson, Missouri, on 24 November 2014,"
124,"Some might say that no matter how rich you are, spending $2.5 million on a car makes you a total dick. Apparently a vandal in Seattle sought to communicate this message quite literally, branding a Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Grand Sport—the world’s most expensive production car—with a graffiti penis while it was parked on the street. The car boasts 1,200 horse power, tops out at 252.97 miles per hour, and was named car of the decade in 2010 by BBC show “Top Gear.” If you can afford one of these, you can probably afford a new paint job. Still, guy must be pissed. "
125,Islamic State militants and sympathisers are triumphantly circulating images of a 10-year-old boy they claim has been'martyred' while fighting alongside his father in Syria
126,"The Apple Watch was unveiled alongside the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on September 9, but apart from Apple detailing its features, not many specifications were detailed. However, an analysts citing supply chain sources claims to have narrowed down a significant proportion of the specifications. According to Timothy Arcuri of Cowen and Company (via AppleInsider), Apple's smartwatch will feature 512MB of RAM, likely supplied by Samsung, Hynix and Micron. The Apple Watch is also being tipped to come in 4GB and 8GB variants, with the 4GB model the standard version. Arcuri says the flash-based storage will be procured from ""most major"
130,"Social media around the world have been flooded with rumors of Fidel Castro's death, but there was no sign Friday that the reports were true, even if the 88-year-old former Cuban leader has not been seen in public for months."
132,"Critics slammed Vogue’s recent Kimye cover as “disgusting,” but what’s happening in the offices lately is even worse! RadarOnline.com has learned that New York City’s dirtiest rats have rolled out the red carpet to welcome Anna Wintour and Vogue staffers to their swanky new offices at the Freedom Tower."
134,"WASHINGTON, Oct. 9 (UPI) -- Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson took to CNN to publicly counter claims made by Republican Rep. Duncan D. Hunter that Islamic State militants have been detained attempting to enter the United States from Mexico."
135,TYRANT Kim Jong-un is trying to boost his love life by necking litres of snake wine. The slippery despot has bought up cases of the pricey plonk – with the body of a deadly cobra inside the bottle...
136,"We’re not quite sure what these parents were happier about, the fact their mortgage got paid off or it was their son who did it. The couple couldn’t have wished for a better Christmas present when it was revealed they wouldn’t have to worry about their house payments anymore. A LiveLeak video showed their son casually taking out a letter after telling his parents he had a gift for them. MORE: Man plays cruel (but hilarious) Christmas present prank on his wife When they realised what it was, both of them began to cry with joy. A Live Leak user wrote: ‘What a nice guy to have done"
137,"30-year-old Moscow resident was hospitalized with wounds very intimate nature. As it became known LifeNews, in the hands of doctors, the man complained that his casual acquaintance opoila in the sauna, and then gently held his castration operation. And actions criminals were executed with surgical precision - woman sewed all the smallest blood vessels. - I met a girl at the bar, and then we went to the sauna for a taxi. I remember that I had a beer, and more do not remember, - said Roman law enforcement officials. At the hospital, the man hours spent in intensive care, doctors were forced to spend a"
139,"Browse Judd Nelson latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Judd Nelson at abcnews.com"
140,"London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights cites witnesses who saw jets flying over Aleppo province over the past few days, as US-led air strikes help Kurdish fighters push back militants in Kobani"
142,"Police in the Mexican town of Iguala have found mass graves near the same place where 43 students went missing last month. The Mexican newspaper El Proceso says authorities have begun digging up bodies and are trying to determine their identities. The Wall Street Journal quotes Guerrero State Prosecutor Inaky Blanco as saying the graves were linked to the disappearance of the students but that it would ""irresponsible"" to jump to conclusions and say the bodies are those of the students. The Journal adds: The AP reports that the The Aytozinapa Normal school, where the missing students attended, is ""known for militant and radical protests that often involve hijacking"
144,There have been reports that iOS 8 preferences are erasing iCloud files.
146,"US drones are being flown over Isil's Syrian capital for the first time as part of a drive by America to target Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the jihadist group's elusive leader"
147,"Tiger Woods is not serving a suspension from the PGA Tour for failing a drug test, his agent and a Tour official emphatically stated Monday. ""These claims are absolutely, unequivocally and completely false,"" Mark Steinberg said in a statement (via ESPN). ""They are unsourced, unverified and completely ridiculous."" The allegations were made by golf pro Dan Olsen on 730 The Game radio in East Lansing, Mich., Friday. ""I've heard that he's suspended,"" Olsen said on ""Mad Dog in the Morning."" ""I heard he's on a month's suspension. And it's not, it's kind"
148,"A MYSOPIST is on the run after attacking two women who had a bout of the sniffles in the same Cumbrian town centre. The not-so-happy slapper allegedly struck again on Tuesday, this time launching an unprovoked attack on a frail 82-year-old woman who also had a bout of the sniffles. Cumbrian Police believe the man to be in his mid-to-late 50s and are urging anyone with information about either of the two attacks to come forward. “It is very unusual behaviour, and will have left his victims feeling confused and upset” Sgt Gill Cherry"
149,"What's thought to be an audio recording of the shooting death of Michael Brown has reportedly surfaced. According to CNN, an unidentified man, who has since been interviewed by the FBI, is said to have managed to record the incident in which Michael Brown was shot by Officer Darren Wilson earlier this month, setting off a national firestorm. The most notable tidbit from the short recording (and what will become subject to the most immediately scrutiny and parsing) is the existence of two distinct volleys of gunfire from Officer Darren Wilson's weapon. From CNN: class=""cnn_storypgraphtxt cnn_storypgraph3"">"
151,A husband who thought he had lost a recording of his late wife's voice he had kept for more than 10 years describes the moment the message was recovered.
152,"In the Omsk region of Russia, a teen boy developed ""superpowers"" after he suffered electric shock. The boy, Nikolai Kryaglyachenko, discovered that he could attract metal items. He currently considers an idea of becoming a superhero. ""Even when I do not want to do it, I still attract things. Once I even attracted a glass - it just moved towards me,"" the boy, a second-grader, told Omsk TV and Radio Company. Electric shock changed the boy's life. He has now become the most popular boy at school. Classmates often ask him to demonstrate his superpowers. Moreover"
154,"Thousands of people have been duped by a fake news story claiming that Nasa has forecast a total blackout of earth for six days in December. The story, entitled ""Nasa Confirms Earth Will Experience 6 Days of Total Darkness in December 2014!"" originated from Huzlers.com, a website well known for publishing fake stories with sensational headlines. The bogus report read: ""Nasa has confirmed that the Earth will experience 6 days of almost complete darkness and will happen from the dates Tuesday the 16 – Monday the 22 in December. The world will remain, during these three days, without sunlight due to a solar storm, which will cause"
155,"Comcast allegedly pulled strings to get one of their customers fired from his job at a prestigious accounting firm after he complained about billing issues and false charges. The former Comcast customer, identified only as ""Conal,"" told his story to Consumerist, the site whose readers have named Comcast ""the worst company in America"" two years running. Conal says his trouble started with a few erratic charges: Bills sometimes didn't show up, and he was charged for equipment that was never activated, or that he didn't actually have. Customer service reps promised the problems would be resolved. Instead, things got significantly more hellish in October of"
156,It is the most expensive - and many would argue delicious - part of a sushi menu. But one man's love of sashimi nearly killed him after it led to his body becoming riddled with tapeworm.
158,"Hundreds of Palestinians were evacuated from their homes Sunday morning after Israeli authorities opened a number of dams near the border, flooding the Gaza Valley in the wake of a recent severe winter storm."
159,"A Chinese woman spent an entire week inside a KFC, eating chicken wings and nursing a broken heart, after getting dumped by her boyfriend. Tan Shen, 26, of Chengdu said she had not planned her extended stay in the fried chicken eatery but wound up there while wandering around depressed, according to Metro.co.uk."
161,"Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak will be played onscreen by Seth Rogen in Aaron Sorkin's upcoming Steve Jobs biopic, Variety reports. Acting opposite Rogen will be Christian Bale as Jobs. Sorkin's screenplay for the film (to be directed by Oscar winner Danny Boyle) is based on Walter Isaacson's biography, Steve Jobs. Sorkin has said the film will be divided into three long scenes, each taking place backstage before an Apple product launch."
162,"Iraqi pilots who have joined Islamic State in Syria are training members of the group to fly in three captured fighter jets, a group monitoring the war said on Friday, saying it was the first time the militant group had taken to the air."
167,"The person behind the $300,000 dinner at Bellagio’s Prime Steakhouse has been revealed. Bloomberg News reported Wednesday that Vice Media Inc. CEO Shane Smith sprung for the dinner following a lucky run at the casino’s blackjack tables. Bloomberg said its source was a person who asked not to be identified because the meal was private. On Tuesday, MGM Resorts International Chairman Jim Murren cited the dinner bill as an “encouraging sign” that Las Vegas visitors were eager to spend money again. He said the dinner was for a party of more than a dozen people at the upscale Prime and included wine with a price tag upward of $15,000 per bottle"
168,"Get ready for the tech press to flip out when Apple announces the retail price for the gold Apple Watch Edition model. Apple critics have always roasted the company for selling products that are more expensive than they should be, and they frequently use this as a wedge topic to criticize buyers. But [...]"
169,"PGA golfer Dan Olsen told WVFN that he has learned that Tiger Woods failed a drug test for performance enhancing drugs and has been suspended by the PGA. Dan Olsen: ""Well, I've heard that he's suspended. I heard he's on a month's suspension. And it's kind of a strong witness. A credible person is telling me this. Well, it's not testosterone but it's something else. I think when it's all said and done he's going to surpass Lance Armstrong with infamy... WVFN host: Well, he's already put a big dent in"
170,"Leading up to the somber anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, there are fresh fears of possible 9/11-style attacks taking place across North Africa as radical Islamist groups in Libya have reportedly seized nearly a dozen commercial airliners in the last month."
171,"WASHINGTON — A U.S. Republican senator and frequent Mideast traveler said Thursday that the Taliban detainees released from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl have been in touch with members of the al-Qaida linked Haqqani network, yet all five still are being monitored in Qatar. The Pentagon said Thursday that it is working with Qatar and is confident that any threat posed by the former detainees can be mitigated. Sen. Lindsey Graham, who recently visited Qatar, said he had been afraid that one of the detainees had left the country but said he was assured during his visit that all five remain in the small Gulf nation"
173,Residents reported a loud boom as the meteorite crashed but scientists said no one had seen the streak that a speeding space rock would score across the sky: 'It's a wake-up call'
175,"via Daily Buzz Live Strange natural occurrences are happening in the world today. But nothing more magnificent than the one you might experience on January 4, 2015 if this story is true. According to British astronomer Patrick Moore, at exactly 9:47 PST AM on January 4th, Pluto will pass directly behind Jupiter, in relation to Earth. This rare alignment will mean that the combined gravitational force of the two planets would exert a stronger tidal pull, temporarily counteracting the Earth’s own gravity and making people virtually weightless. Moore calls this the Jovian-Plutonian Gravitational Effect. Moore told scientists that they could experience the phenomenon by jumping"
176,"Hunky mensch who took down violent bully looks like Paul Rudd, is not Paul Rudd Sorry, amateur celebrity sleuths — the actor Paul Rudd was not involved in the tackling of a man shouting homophobic slurs in a Dallas airport last week."
179,"So shocking! A cloistered South American nun gave birth to a baby boy in Italy after complaining to her mother superior and sisters of severe stomach pains. The nun apparently had “no idea” she was pregnant before she gave birth at Bartolomeo Eustachio Hospital in San Severino, Italy."
181,"While Apple announced that the base model of its forthcoming smartwatch would cost $350, it's remained tight-lipped about the pricing of the rest of the range."
185,"Managua: A mysterious explosion that rocked Nicaragua's crowded capital Managua, creating a large crater, appears to have been caused by a small meteorite. Amazingly, in a sprawling city of 1.2 million people, the impact near the international airport did not cause any known injuries, but it did leave a crater measuring 12 metres across and was felt throughout the capital late on Saturday night, local time. Nicaraguan authorities believe it was a piece of the small asteroid dubbed ""2014 RC"", which passed very close to Earth on Sunday and was estimated by astronomers to be about 20 metres wide, or the size of a house."
186,"The sound of 10 or 11 shots from the gun of Ferguson, Mo. police officer Darren Wilson being fired at Michael Brown were recorded by a man in an apartment near the Aug. 9 shooting, according to the man's attorney who shared the audio with CNN. The network aired the recording Monday but has not verified its authenticity. The 12-second audio begins with a man seemingly leaving a message for someone on an adult video service. Six shots fired in rapid succession are heard in the background. After a two second pause, another four or five shots ring out. Lopa Blumenthal, the unnamed man's attorney, told CNN that"
187,"A jilted lover has chopped off his own penis after he was dumped by his girlfriend. Oliver Ilic, 22, was told that he was no good in bed so it is claimed he mutilated himself then threw the remains in the bin. He is alleged to have told doctors that he had a small appendage and cited that as the reason why his girlfriend was no use to him. Ilic contacted emergency services when he could not stop the bleeding and was taken to hospital in the east Macedonian town town of Kocani. Police searched his house and discovered the severed organ in a bin after it had been cut off with a single swipe"
188,"Italian fisherman Dino Ferrari, an expert at catching big wels catfish, outdid himself on Thursday when he landed an enormous 280-pounder in the Po Delta, a part of the famous Po River, the longest river in Italy at more than 400 miles. The wels catfish was put in a sling and weighed out at 280 pounds. Photo is from Sportex Italia Facebook page The Po River and Delta are known for massive wels catfish, but anything bigger than 6.5 feet is considered extremely rare, and this one measured 8.8 feet. The U.K. Mirror reported that Ferrari’s fish could possibly be the world’s biggest"
189,"Islamist militias in Libya have reportedly taken control of 11 commercial aircraft from Tripoli International Airport in Libya, sparking fears of a 9/11-style terrorattack. Ahead of the 13th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington, reports emerged that Islamist militias took control of nearly a dozen jetliners last month after the airport was the scene of a fierce battle. On Sunday, the Libyan government announced that they had lost control of the capital to the militants, who include the Islamic groups Ansar al Sharia - which has ties to the Islamic State - and Libyan Dawn, an umbrella group for Islamist militias. The country is currently witnessing its"
190,"Variety is reporting that Seth Rogen's got the part as Woz in Jobs, the upcoming Aaron Sorkin-penned take on the Apple icon. Christian Bale had already been cast in the title role, and this new addition... it's surprising, but kinda great. Danny Boyle of Slumdog Millionaire, 28 Days Later, and Trainspotting fame will direct the drama—which at one point was going to be a David Fincher affair—and it sounds like the whole film will offer a somewhat unconventional approach to the life of this tech icon. Sorkin told Business Insider earlier this year: ""It's"
193,"JJ Abrams is said to be frustrated with the slow drip of leaks from the set of Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens, and wants the film to be released in the summer"
194,"Lebanon's interior minister said that DNA tests have confirmed that a child held by authorities is the daughter of the Islamic State group's leader. Nohad Machnouk also says that the child's mother, who is also in custody, was married to IS chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi six years ago for a period of three months."
195,"A video posted by ISIL terrorists in Iraq purports to the show the beheading of an American photojournalist who has been missing since 2012. The group claims the beheading is a message to President Obama to end the American intervention in Iraq. James Foley is a photojournalist who has worked for several news organizations. According to a website set up in his honor, he went missing while covering the conflict in Syria in 2012. ISIL has also indicated that their next victim will be Steven Joel Sotloff, a journalist who worked for TIME, The National Interest and Media Line, unless the U.S. stops its attacks on them. We'll continue"
198,"Online rumors of actor Macaulay Culkin's death have been revealed to be a hoax, The Hollywood Reporter has confirmed. Claims about the 34-year-old Home Alone star's alleged death began circulating Thursday. The actor's reps told The Hollywood Reporter that the news of his alleged death was a hoax. Read more Macaulay Culkin Forms Pizza-Themed Velvet Underground Tribute Band A number of Twitter users had already begun posting their condolences, assuming the rumors to be true. This is the second time this year that Culkin has been the subject of false death rumors, with his reps having dismissed similar rumors in April."
199,"Christian Bale will not be playing Steve Jobs after all. The Hollywood Reporter broke the news Monday that Bale had exited discussions on the Steve Jobs biopic being directed by Danny Boyle. Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin had just been on Bloomberg TV stating that Bale was a slam dunk for the part. ""We needed the best actor on the board in a certain age range and that's Christian Bale,"" Sorkin said on Oct. 23. Looks like it's time to find the next best actor. THR, quoting unnamed sources, reported that Bale ""after much deliberation and conflicting feelings, came to the conclusion he was not right for the part"
200,"Breitbart Texas reports: An Islamic Tribunal using Sharia law in Texas has been confirmed by Breitbart Texas. The tribunal is operating as a non-profit organization in Dallas. One of the attorneys for the tribunal said participation and acceptance of the tribunal's decisions are ""voluntary."" Breitbart Texas spoke with one of the ""judges,"" Dr. Taher El-badawi. He said the tribunal operates under Sharia law as a form of ""non-binding dispute resolution."" El-badawi said their organization is ""a tribunal, not arbitration."" A tribunal is defined by Meriam-Webster's Dictionary as ""a court or forum of"
203,"HBO plans to launch its stand-alone Net video service next month on Apple TV and other devices, according to the International Business Times. The news generated a bump in Time Warner (TWX) stock, pushing it to $83.80. Shares closed at $83.08, down 0.1%, and were down slightly (0.15%) in after-hours [...]"
204,"Seven girls, ages 13 to 15, are pregnant after a five-day school trip to their country’s capital city and their parents are being blamed. The schoolgirls, from the city of Banja Luka, went to the..."
205,"When war reporter James Foley wasn't writing for GlobalPost or recording video for AFP or appearing on the PBS ""NewsHour,"" he occasionally shared stories on his own blog, aptly titled ""A World of Troubles."" For a subtitle, he chose the famous Carl von Clausewitz sentence ""War is fought by human beings."" And that is exactly what Foley sought to show with his reporting: humanity amid the horror of war. Foley was abducted while on a reporting trip in northern Syria in November 2012. He was never heard from again. A video published Tuesday by the extremist group ISIS showed Foley being beheaded. It is not known"
206,"Two U.S. officials say they believe American journalist James Foley was the victim executed by Islamic State militants as shown in a grisly video released Tuesday. Separately, Foley's family confirmed his death in a statement posted on a webpage that was created to rally support for his release."
208,We took a look at the photo said to show the body of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi and found it was really an ethnic Albanian militant killed in 2013 -- with Al-Baghdadi's head and watch added. See a news report on the death of Sami Hafez Al-Abdullah here: http://hournews.net/news.php?id=21302...
209,"A Taliban commander exchanged for the release of a POW attempts to return to the battlefield, raising questions about closing Guantanamo When U.S. President Barack Obama agreed in May to exchange five Taliban detainees from Guantanamo Bay for Bowe Bergdahl, a U.S."
210,"As Canada comes to terms with finding itself in the firing line of militant Islamists it turned for reassurance to a 58-year-old former Mountie formerly best known for carrying a golden mace. As parliament's sergeant-at-arms, Kevin Vickers' role is largely ceremonial, symbolising the authority of the body and keeping order in the chamber wearing a bicorne hat and tail coat. But on Wednesday, when a lone Islamist gunman stormed the building, he put pomp and circumstance to one side, found a gun and fired the shots that brought the rampage to an end. He was back in the chamber on Thursday,"
212,"Who would've thought that Lego was on the forefront of promoting gender equality? A letter that supposedly accompanied Lego boxes in 1974 has been making the rounds on the Internet this week. The letter reminds parents that ""the urge to create is equally strong in all children...boys and girls."" Take a look: Source: Imgur The letter was first posted by Reddit user fryd_, who said he unearthed the letter ""with his niece and nephew at their Grandma's house"" in a box with a ""blonde girl on the front with a white Lego house."" If real, this letter perfectly aligns with Lego's"
213,"Russian President Vladimir Putin's motorcade has been captured on Vine. It looks like a rocket, but there's something a bit suggestive about the formation. Please, that sort of language isn't necessary. Besides, it's obviously a rocket."
214,An Indian man accused of trying to rape a teenager reportedly had his penis lopped off by vigilante locals after they allegedly heard the girl’s screams.
217,"P class=""MsoNormal"" style=""MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt; DIRECTION: ltr; unicode-bidi: embed; TEXT-ALIGN: left; mso-layout-grid-align: none"">?xml:namespace prefix = ""st1"" ns = ""urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags"" />st1:country-region w:st=""on"">st1:place w:st=""on"">Managua/st1:place>/st1:country-region>/st1:place>"
218,"The leader of the Catholic Church has assured pet lovers across the world that dogs do go to heaven. Speaking at his weekly address in the Vatican's St. Peter's Square, Pope Francis confirmed that there is a place in heaven for our furry friends, along with 'all of God's creatures.' The head of the Catholic Church had been attempting to console a distraught young boy who was mourning the death of his dog, according to Time magazine. Pope Francis confirmed that there is a place in heaven for dogs and 'all of God's creatures' during his weekly address in the Vatican's St. Peter'"
219,Syrian activists claim militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) seized earlier this week a cache of weapons airdropped by U.S.-led coalition forces that were meant to supply Kurdish fighters battling the extremist group.
220,"FORT DEVENS, Massachusetts - Infamous Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was the victim of an “unfortunate accident” yesterday at Ft. Devens Detention Center in Massachusetts, just weeks after his high-profile trial began, according to warden Paul Jacobson."
221,"There was an unexpected crash landing near the international airport in the Nicaraguan capital over the weekend, but luckily no one was hurt: A small meteor, thought to have broken off from an Earth-passing asteroid, left a 40-foot-wide crater."
224,'A bunch ate through the ceiling of a sports editor's office and crawled all over his desk and left poops on his keyboard' Not everyone at magazine publisher Condé Nast was thrilled on hearing the company was going to become the new flagship tenant of the brand new World Trade Centre skyscraper where the Twin Towers once stood.
225,"The Indian government sacks a civil servant who went on leave in 1990 and never came back to work, in a case of ""wilful absence"", the government says."
226,"WASHINGTON— U.S. airstrikes earlier this week killed the leader of the al-Shabab terrorist group in Somalia, the Pentagon said Friday. Obama, speaking at the conclusion of a NATO summit in Newport, Wales, told reporters the success against al-Shabab should leave no doubt about his determination to degrade and eventually destroy the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria. The U.S. military announced later Friday that a mix of fighter jets, drones, attack planes and bombers launched four airstrikes Thursday and Friday in northern Iraq, destroying a host of Islamic State targets including an observation post, an armed vehicle and three mortar positions."
227,"LAGOS — A wave of violence hours after Nigeria's government announced a truce with Boko Haram raised doubt on Sunday about whether more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped by the Islamist militants will really be released, deflating the new hopes of their parents. Nigeria's armed forces chief Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh announced the ceasefire on Friday to enable the release of the girls, who were abducted from the remote northeastern village of Chibok in April. But Boko Haram has not confirmed the truce and there have been at least five attacks since — blamed by security sources on the insurgents — that have killed dozens. Talks were scheduled to continue in"
228,"Sex-selecting abortions are nothing new. They happen all the time in China, for example. While they undoubtedly happen in the United States, people don’t brag about them. At least they didn’t. It’s hard to believe this is real, but according to the website “Injustice Stories,” a woman named Lana, a self-described feminist, boasted of aborting her baby because it was a boy. Then, after making that declaration, claims to be shocked that some people might have a problem with that. Lana, who only uses her first name, appears to be a child of privilege. She"
229,"The highest paid 'performer' on You Tube, who is said to earn almost $5m a year unwrapping toys, is a former porn star called Sandy Summers, neighbours have told DailyMail.com. Brazilian Daiane DeJeus was named by a family friend as the woman behind the wildly successful collection of children's videos that have been watched a staggering 2.8billion times. And former neighbours of the mysterious internet star have revealed to Daily Mail.com her secret past - which could explain her desire to remain completely anonymous. For years they knew her as Daiane DeJesus who lived in a suburban home with her long-"
230,"Seeking information on 'the cub of Baghdadi'; an image of a child, about 10-years-old, being shared online. The child is purportedly the youngest Islamic State fighter to have been killed in Syria. According to some sharing the image of the child, his father is also an ISIS fighter, possibly named Abu Muhammed Al-Absi. Neal KrawetzYesterday 19:58 Emergent is saying that this is currently unverified. (http://www.emergent.info/cub-of-baghdadi). They say that it has been circulating social media since at least September 26. Neal KrawetzYesterday 19:45"
232,"Apple will offer a low power mode on Apple Watch to help boost it through longer days, according to a new report that also takes a stab at dispelling rumors that the company may have elected to all some long-rumored sensors last minute."
234,"Christian Bale will not be playing Steve Jobs in the upcoming movie about the Apple co-founder, Hollywood Reporter reports. Sources say the actor decided he wasn't right for the role, and withdrew. This is coming after the movie's scriptwriter Aaron Sorkin confirmed that Bale would be playing the prickly tech icon, saying the actor didn't even need to audition. No word if this'll affect Seth Rogan's negotiations to play Steve Wozniak, but this throws a huge wrinkle into the Danny Boyle-helmed adaptation of Walter Isaacson's critically acclaimed biography of Jobs. If they get desperate to bring Ashton Kutcher back into"
235,"Twitter is hopping right now about how Saudi TV allegedly blurred Michelle Obama's face, thanks to this YouTube video: Saudi TV blurred out Michelle Obama's face when she and Barack met King Salman! https://t.co/MQ6f2cgyHG — Jack Moore (@JFXM) January 27, 2015 Our producer just referred to the blurring of Michelle Obama here as a ""blurka"" https://t.co/MhCzTvzdfD — Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) January 27, 2015 Only it's bullshit. The YouTube uploader appears to have added the blur, not"
236,Unlucky in love Yang Hu was so fed up with not having a girlfriend that he chopped off his own penis -because he had no real use for it
239,"Holy Motor City gossip! The rumored theft of the Batmobile in Detroit appears to be a false alarm. Detroit police spokesman Sgt. Michael Woody said that police confirmed with producers of “Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice” that the vehicle has not been stolen, a rumor that proliferated on the web and social media on Friday. “The Batmobile is safe in the Batcave where it belongs,” Woody said. Sources close to the production being filmed in metro Detroit also said it wasn’t true that the Caped Crusader’s ride had been stolen. Buzz about the supposed theft swirled Friday when at least one comic book"
240,"TORONTO, Ontario — Canadian official identifies dead Ottawa gunman as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau .

Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed."
241,"We're just over a week away from learning a whole lot more about the Apple Watch, but The New York Times has just revealed a few more details about the new smartwatch."
242,"Sources are reporting that music legend Axl Rose, last remaining original member of the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame band Guns N' Roses, has been found dead at the age of 52."
243,"An alleged bug in iOS 8 appears to be deleting documents stored in iCloud Drive without the user's permission. Discovered by MacRumors after complaints surfaced from users of the blog site's forums, the bug is triggered by the option to Reset All Settings. Found in the Reset screen under the General category in Settings for iOS 8, the Reset All Settings option is supposed to simply reset your iOS settings but leave your data and media untouched. Yet several forum users say that's not the case as certain iCloud documents also vanished after they reset all settings. Based on user comments, the bug seems to be specific to documents from i"
244,"A Catholic priest from Massachusetts had been dead for 48 minutes before he was miraculously resuscitated. However, it is his description about God that is bound to spark a hot debate about the almighty."
247,The 41-year-old is believed to be dating 29-year-old Olympic swimmer Micheal Phelps Taylor Lianne Chandler was born David Roy Fitch circa 1973. While she was given a male name she is actually intersex which means she had male genitalia but no testicles. At the same time she also has a uterus and no ovaries. From a young age she knew that she was in fact female and started to dress as a girl. Facebook Taylor Lianne Chandler In her teens she used testosterone blockers and estrogen enhancers. During this period her name was changed – she initially changed it to Paige Victoria Whitney. She left home age 15
251,"Apple is hosting its ‘Spring Forward’ event tonight, where it will finally be answering the many questions surrounding the Watch. The Cupertino-based giant however is not resting on its laurels, and is reportedly already working on the next-generation Watch. According to Wall Street Journal, Apple has “studied platinum watch casings,” which could be the material of choice for the luxury edition of the next-generation Watch. For the current Watch, the most expensive variant will boast 18-Karat gold plating. While Apple hasn’t revealed any details about the pricing, reports claim that it could go up to the $20,000 mark. Considering that luxury watch"
254,"An airstrike in the ISIS stronghold of Mosul killed at least two members of the group, including an aide to ISIS leader Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi, according to the Iraqi Defense Ministry."
255,"Is there a pet door on the Pearly Gates? During his weekly address in St. Peter's Square, Pope Francis comforted a young boy who was distraught over the recent death of his dog by telling him, One day, we will see our animals again in the eternity of Christ, the 77-year leader of the Roman Catholic Church said, according to Time."
258,"A rumor that Robert Plant ripped up an $800 million contract offer to reunite Led Zeppelin has been called ""rubbish"" by Plant's publicist. As reported by the Daily Mirror, Plant, as well as former bandmates Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones, and Jason Bonham, son of the late drummer John Bonham, were offered $800 million by Virgin mogul Sir Richard Branson to perform a 35-date, three-city reunion tour. The story went that while Page, Jones and Bonham reportedly signed up immediately, Plant ripped up the papers right in front of his colleagues. Plant's publicist later debunked the report to The Guardian. If"
260,"At about 9:30 Saturday night, a Kansas City apartment building was sealed off as a seriously ill person was taken to Research Medical Center for treatment. A source close to the situation said"
263,A photo purporting to show the slain body of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi appears to be a doctored picture of another slain militant killed in Syria in 2013.
265,"Sick jihadis are being tested for Ebola. ISIS fighters are being evaluated by the World Health Organization for the deadly virus. WHO is also checking a Mosul hospital 250 miles north of Baghdad for others who may be infected, according to the New York Post. Mosul has been under ISIS control since June 2014. However, Iraqi newspaper Al-Sabah reported the fighters do have Ebola and are being treated. ISIS Terror News: Political Official Reveals India's Ban on Vimeo, Github, Imgur and 29 Other Websites Is Due to 'Jihadi Propaganda' From Terrorist Group Pope Francis Christmas Speech Compares ISIS Refugees to Jesus ""The"
266,"In a bizarre twist during the filming of Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice in Detroit, the Batmobile (or at least one of the models) is missing! The initial assumption based on the report is that Detroit locals may have stolen it! All initial reports point to Bleeding Cool as the primary source of the report. They did not give any specific details: ""The scuttlebutt from sources in Detroit is that one of the Batmobile models being used in the filming of 'Batman Vs. Superman' has gone missing, believed stolen. Warner Bros representatives did not respond to inquiries."" The website is one of the known super hero"
267,"Journalist Matt Taibbi is on a leave of absence from First Look Media after disagreements with executives, New York Magazine's Andrew Rice reports. Taibbi is supposed to launch a publication this fall called Racket, focused on financial and political corruption. According to Rice, Taibbi has been absent for several weeks from the New York headquarters of e-Bay founder Pierre Omidyar's media company, which also hosts Glenn Greenwald's The Intercept. Omidyar hired Taibbi away from the Rolling Stone in February. ""Taibbi's absence, the term of which is unknown, is only the latest in a series of shifts"
269,"Islamic State militants have released a video which purportedly shows the beheading of British citizen David Haines, multiple unconfirmed reports said. The 44-year-old aid worker was kidnapped in March 2013."
271,"Israel Radio reports that Gill Rosenberg, a Canadian-born resident of Tel Aviv, has been taken prisoner in northern Syria by Islamic State (Isis) fighters"
272,"A mother has been accused of cannibalism after she was allegedly found biting her newborn baby’s arm. The woman, named locally as 24-year-old Li Zhenghua, was found trying to eat the child while in a hospital ward in Shenzhen, southern China, recovering from the birth. Luckily a nurse saw the woman with her teeth locked around her son and raised the alarm. The nurse, named as Liu Tianlun, attempted to prise the woman off the baby but the mother refused to let her child go. She was eventually sedated and extracted from the baby. A hospital spokesman said: ‘It was really shocking, the arm"
273,"The Lebanese army detained a wife and daughter of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi as they crossed from Syria nine days ago, security officials said on Tuesday, in a move seen as likely to put pressure on the Islamist chief. The woman was identified as Saja al-Dulaimi, an Iraqi, by a Lebanese security official and a senior political source. The Lebanese newspaper As-Safir reported she had been detained in co-ordination with “foreign intelligence.” A Lebanese security source said the arrest was “a powerful card to apply pressure” in negotiations to secure the release of 27 members of the Lebanese security forces"
276,"Gill Rosenberg, a Canadian-Israeli woman, who ISIS had claimed to have abducted, posted on Facebook Monday afternoon that she was “safe and secure.” On Sunday, contributors to a number of jihadist platforms had claimed that the Islamic State group had captured a “female Zionist soldier fighting with the Kurds against the Islamic State” from Kobani."
277,"According the latest in a string of scoops from 9to5Mac, battery life has been a pressing concern for Apple throughout the development of the Apple Watch. And for the first time, ""sources familiar with the Watch's development"" have provided some early figures on what consumers can expect when the device ships sometime this year. In short, Apple Watch will exhibit similar longevity to what we've seen from many Android Wear devices on the market today. Apple was originally shooting to eke out an entire day of battery life from Apple Watch. Obviously that's not all active use; in fact, the company is said to"
280,"ISLAMIC State group jihadists are being trained by Saddam Hussein’s former pilots to fly three fighter jets captured from the Syrian military, a monitoring group says. The planes, which are believe..."
281,"The wife and child of the Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State (Isil), have been arrested in Lebanon, security officials and Lebanese politicians said on Tuesday. An Iraqi women, identified by local security sources as Saja Hamid al-Dulaimi was detained ten days ago at a checkpoint, along with Baghdadi’s son, north of the Lebanese town of Tripoli, a senior security confirmed to the Telegraph. “She had crossed into Lebanon from Syria. She and her son were travelling on fake passports,” the source said. The boy is said to be no older than 11 years of age"
282,One More Thing... You Have to Charge It Every Day “Bono really should ask Tim Cook about the Apple Watch’s battery life.” I tweeted that yesterday during the U2 frontman’s awkward vaudeville routine with Cook onstage Tuesday at Apple’s biggest event in years.
283,"UPDATE: ESPN has confirmed that no such panel will take place, for the love of all that is holy. Domestic abuse, a crime that victimizes 1.3 million women a year according to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, is not an issue that men at the NFL seem capable of addressing, discussing, or addressing their discussion. According to the NCADV, ""In 70-80% of intimate partner homicides, no matter which partner was killed, the man physically abused the woman before the murder."" It's men committing it, men not punishing them for it, men not losing their jobs over mishandling it. The end result has been"
285,"Curvy Lucita Sandoval, 26, has been accused on several occasions of romping with students but until now nothing had been proven. In the explicit video the teen is seen grinning wildly and giving the camera a thumbs up before panning around to show he is having sex with his teacher. The boy, who has not been identified, allegedly told Sandoval he had deleted the video. EXPLICIT: The teacher may lose her job over the leaked video [CEN] BETRAYED: The teacher reportedly asked the teen to delete the video but he ended up sharing it on the web [CEN] But instead he shared the 23-minute-long clip"
286,"A rumor on Tuesday claims Apple's upcoming Apple Watch will be priced at $500 for the mid-tier steel model and up to $5,000 for top-end gold Edition versions, a number much higher than previous estimates."
288,"Islamic State fighters may have captured weapons airdropped by the US near the Syrian town of Kobane, intended for the Kurdish forces defending it against the jihadists' onslaught. A video posted on YouTube on Tuesday by a group calling itself ""A3maq News"" purports to show airdropped supplies in the hands of the extremist group. The footage shows a masked and armed militant examining a package attached to a parachute. Later, he looks into crates containing various munitions, including RPG rounds and grenades. The video could not immediately be independently verified, but A3maq News has previously posted IS-linked content and the some of the"
289,"Finally, Pope Francis confirms what we've always known: All dogs go to heaven! During his weekly address in St. Peter's Square, the Catholic leader tried to console a little boy who was heartbroken over the death of his beloved pup."
292,"News of singer Axl Rose’s death spread quickly earlier this week causing concern among fans across the world. However the December 2014 report has now been confirmed as a complete hoax and just the latest in a string of fake celebrity death reports. Thankfully, Guns N' Roses frontman is alive and well. UPDATE 03/12/2014 : This story seems to be false. (read more) Axl Rose death hoax spreads on Facebook Rumors of the singer’s alleged demise gained traction on Monday after a ‘R.I.P. Axl Rose’ Facebook page attracted nearly one million of ‘likes’. Those who read the"
295,"Led Zeppelin fans will be disappointed to learn that there’s no reunion tour and a story that appeared in the Daily Mirror suggesting that Robert Plant ripped up an $800 contract for such a gig is false, according to the Guardian."
296,"When Apple unveiled its Apple Watch, the company said the starting price would come in at US$349, but insider sources are claiming the stainless steel version will start at $500. Those sources also say the high-end gold Apple Watch Edition will start between $4,000 and $5,000, which is lower than many have been expecting. Apple's mid-range smartwatch will likely start at $500 Assuming the sources are correct, that pegs the anodized aluminum Apple Watch Sport as the lower-priced $349 model. The anonymous sources, speaking with the French site iGen (English translation), also said Apple will ship its smartwatch in time for Valentine's Day"
298,"Although Canadian police have not released the name of the Ottawa shooter, on Wednesday afternoon U.S. sources leaked that the suspect's name is Michael Zehaf Bibeau, a 32-year-old Canadian who was a recent convert to Islam."
299,"Isis supporters are circulating images of a child they say has become the youngest foreign fighter to be killed in battle for the jihadist group, according a counter-extremism think tank. The images, which cannot be independently verified, show a young boy believed to be about 10-years-old holding guns, posing with a balaclava stretched across his face and standing alongside a man thought to be his father who is reportedly a militant. Those sharing the pictures are paying tribute to the child on Twitter as the youngest martyr from the Arabian Peninsula to have been killed in Syria as Isis tries to establish a caliphate across swathes of the region,"
300,"Apple took the leap into the wearable space with the announcement of its Apple Watch earlier in September this year, revealing that the device will start at $349. Now rumors suggest that the gold and stainless steel editions of the Apple Watch may set consumers back by $5,000 and $500, respectively!"
302,"Every year, Apple does some counterprogramming at CES. This year, whether it meant to or not, it may have some big news: 9to5Mac has some new details that say there's a 12-inch MacBook Air with a completely new design, a higher-resolution display, and few of the trappings we've come to expect from a MacBook Air. Here's Mark Gurman at 9to5Mac: Apple is preparing an all-new MacBook Air for 2015 with a radically new design that jettisons standards such as full-sized USB ports, MagSafe connectors, and SD card slots in favor of a"
303,"Reports of Judd Nelson’s death have been greatly exaggerated. Despite rumors that swept the Internet on Sunday morning, the “Breakfast Club” star is alive and well, his manager and agent told the Los Angeles Times. Agent Gregg Klein even hustled to Nelson’s home Sunday morning -- which he said is not in the building mentioned in the original false report -- to take a photo of the actor with the front page of today's newspaper. Klein was to the point when he answered The Times' query about Nelson's status: ""Reports of Judd Nelson's death are not accurate please see attached photo."""
304,"The 45 year old Mexican/American, born in De la Cruz, Sinaloa, who made a name for himself with his incredible rehabilitation and training technics wit dogs, duty in which he professionally wrote three books on the topic “Cesar’s way” “Be the pack leader” and “Member of the family”, he reach worldwide popularity with his TV series “The dog Whisperer”, this name would be the new way people knew him, he died this morning in Santa Clarita hospital in California. Millan was hospitalize yesterday afternoon, the medical reports indicate that he suffered a fulminate heart attack, which paralyze his"
305,"This video is the epitome of a close shave. This US marine along with two comrades in arms was conducting a raid in the turbulent Helmand province in Afghanistan in 2013. While leaving cover, a Taliban sniper shot at his head. Lady luck was on his side with the only visible damage to the kevlar helmet was a tear to its camouflage cover. Needless to say, this chap had a charmed existence that day... Definitely should have laid some accumulator bets as soon as he returned to base. MORE: Man lucky to be alive after falling off cliff while chasing goat MORE: Driver lucky to be alive after shocking ‘GTA-style"
307,"Apple is reportedly planning to market and sell its Apple Watch much differently than its other products by allowing customers to book appointments to try on different watch models, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. New spaces will be added to Apple Stores specifically for this purpose, according to the report, which refers to this as a new ""shopping option."" Salespeople are being trained to help customers pick out specific models. This falls in line with what we've already heard regarding Apple's retail strategy for the Apple Watch. Last week, 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman revealed Apple's retail plans for the watch,"
308,Nigeria said on Friday it had agreed a ceasefire with Islamist militants Boko Haram and reached a deal for the release of more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped by the group six months ago.
311,"Islamic State insurgents released a video on Tuesday purportedly showing the beheading of U.S. journalist James Foley, who had gone missing in Syria nearly two years ago, and images of another American journalist whose life they said depended on U.S. action in Iraq."
313,"MOGADISHU, Sept 5- The alert and story on Sept. 5 headlined ""Islamist rebel leader killed in U.S. strike-Somali government"" is withdrawn and no substitute story will be issued. A Somali government spokesman said the page was not official and said the government had not yet commented on whether Ahmed Godane, the head of the Somali Islamist militant..."
320,"Over the weekend, NBC anchor Lester Holt cut to a satellite feed in Sugar Mountain, NC, for a report from weatherman Mike Seidel. Except Seidel apparently wasn’t ready to go on air and appeared to be urinating in the woods. After he finishes whatever he’s doing, he appears to then zip up his fly and put his gloves back on. NBC claims Seidel was merely “checking his phone,” which he had clumsily dropped in the snow. But there are a lot of unanswered questions: Why didn’t one of the PAs in the film crew grab his phone for him? Why has he been"
321,"A man with a rifle shot a soldier standing guard at the War Memorial in downtown Ottawa, and witnesses said there were further shots fired on Parliament Hill nearby."
322,"LOS ANGELES, California ( The Adobo Chronicles) – He did it again. Rapper Kanye West reprised his most infamous stunt at Sunday night’s Grammy awards, taking the stage as Beck was accepting the album of the year award. West popped up on stage and moved toward Beck as if he was about to take the trophy from him. Instead, West turned away and quickly jumped down. Beck beat out both the night’s top winner, Sam Smith, and the category’s expected winner, Beyoncé. The incident was a repeat of the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, when West accosted Taylor Swift during her acceptance speech"
323,"NORTH HOLLYWOOD, California - Kurt Sutter, creator of the hit FX drama Sons of Anarchy, has announced plans to turn the popular television series into a major motion picture."
324,Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson is pushing back against a claim made by Rep. Duncan Hunter that at least 10 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fighters were apprehended trying to come into the U.S. from Mexico.
330,"British intelligence agencies MI5 and MI6 have identified the man suspected of the horrific beheading of American journalist James Foley, according to British media reports. The hooded man with an English accent is believed to be 23-year-old Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary, known to fellow Islamic State militants as Jihadi John."
331,"A fisherman is claiming to have caught a massive catfish — measuring almost 9 feet and weighing roughly 266 pounds — in the Po Delta in Italy. The picture of the giant sea creature is so surreal, many will certainly question if it’s a fake. Dino Ferrari posted several photos on Facebook of himself posing with the wels catfish, also known as the sheatfish. (Facebook) (Facebook) Surprisingly, it’s not the heaviest or longest catfish ever caught on a rod and line. The Mirror reports a 9-foot, 308-pound catfish was previously caught in the Po Delta. Wels catfish can apparently grow to be"
333,"(Source) A neighbor tells 8 News NOW former baseball star Jose Canseco was hurt in an accidental shooting Tuesday afternoon at his house on the eastside of the Las Vegas valley. Metro Police confirm there was an accidental shooting at the address, but would not confirm the former player was hurt. However, records show Canseco owns the home where the shooting happened. World Series Game 6, NBA opening night, the Boz On ESPN, all eyes not on Jose Canseco, whoops there I go shooting myself and stealing the show, clumsy me, can’t believe that happened! You can tell me it was accidental but"
337,"A propaganda video claiming to show U.S. journalist James Wright Foley kneeling on a mountaintop and making a long anti-U.S. statement, presumably under duress, was posted to YouTube on Tuesday. Foley is standing next to an ISIS militant, who makes some remarks placing the blame for Foley’s death on U.S. President Barack Obama, before appearing to behead Foley with a knife. The video, posted by Furqan Media, an official ISIS outlet, begins with footage of President Obama’s speech announcing his authorization of air strikes against ISIS in northern Iraq, preceded by these words: “Obama authorizes military"
339,"A 19-year-old named Jess Smith revealed she was the smiling baby in the sky on ‘Teletubbies’! Since then, fans have been freaking out on Twitter. See what they’re saying! After keeping her role a secret for 19 years, Jess Smith finally revealed on Facebook that she was the giggling sun in the sky on the BBC & PBS series Teletubbies! Our minds are blown, and so are fans’ on Twitter! Has it really been 19 years?! ‘Teletubbies’ Sun Baby’s Identity Revealed As Jess Smith — Fans React Jess Smith: Why I Finally Decided To Come Clean Jess"
342,"The handsomely charismatic Dr. Drake Ramoray fell down an elevator shaft and was thought to be in a near-permanent coma. That's bad, but at least he never had his balls stolen? That's reportedly what happened to Dmitry Nikolaev, a 30-year-old soap star living in Russia, who ""had a drink with a 'young blonde woman' who approached him at a bar after he finished a performance at a small Moscow theatre."" They hit it off, and she invited him to a sauna because Russia. He accepted, despite being married, which was the first mistake. The second and third mistakes:"
343,A small furor has erupted over whether a Saudi television station blurred out the image of U.S. first lady Michelle Obama in the broadcast of her and President Barack Obama’s meeting with new Saudi King Salman today in Riyadh. Saudi officials deny the claim.
344,"While child entrepreneurs have become increasingly common in the last decade, not many hit the lofty heights that 17-year-old “teen wolf” Mohammed Islam reached when his trading earnings reached the “high eight figures.” As the New York Post reports, Islam, a teenager from Queens, still lives at home with his parents, but has been trading on the stock exchange on his lunch breaks at Stuyvesant High School. The Teen Wolf is the son of immigrants from Bengal in South Asia. Mohammed trades with two other friends, and they hope to start a hedge fund when the Teen Wolf turns 18 and graduates from high school. Islam started with penny"
345,"UTAH COUNTY — Over the years, holiday office Christmas parties have gained a reputation for crazy antics. Often, there's a lot of heavy drinking. One overly zealous drinker in Utah County nearly killed himself a couple of weeks ago, winding up in the hospital for three days. Even though the drinks at the party contained no alcohol, a heavy drink nearly put Ryan Roche out of commission for the holidays. ""I think it was one of those spur of the moment kind of things,"" Roche said. As his holiday office party wound down earlier this month, Roche headed for the door with his wife and kids. ""They busted out"
346,"OTTAWA, Nov 30- Canada is trying to confirm reports that a Canadian citizen has been captured in Syria, a foreign ministry spokesman said on Sunday. Israeli media reports, including Haaretz newspaper quoting a website associated with Islamic State, said a Canadian-Israeli woman, Gil Rosenberg, has been captured."
347,UK aid worker Henning has reportedly been tried by a Sharia court and found innocent of espionage
348,"One of the best things about the Internet is the speed at which it allows information to be shared. Unfortunately, this means all information -- even false ones like the news about the six-day darkness that would envelop the world in December."
349,"Seth Rogen is being eyed to play Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak opposite Christian Bale in Sony's Steve Jobs movie, while Jessica Chastain is also being sought for a role in the film, multiple individuals familiar with the project have told TheWrap."
350,"If the past few weeks of nonstop media onslaught about North Korea and The Interview just haven’t quite appeased your insatiable appetite for Kim Jong-Un antics, fear not—there are other things (literally) cooking up his tunic sleeves. Everyone’s favorite guilty pleasure, the sometimes-reliable, sometimes-not UK rag The Daily Mail, reports that the dictator is eyeing Scotland as the location for his next business venture—an expansion of the restaurant chain known as Pyongyang, which is owned by the North Korean government and used to generate additional cash flow overseas. There are currently franchises in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Kuala Lamp"
352,"A former American soldier from Wisconsin who has become the face of the YPG Kurdish military force in Syria, told UPI Wednesday in an exclusive interview that civilians have been burned in an Islamic State attack, with injuries consistent with chemical weapons."
355,"It's not every night that a pizza delivery driver receives a $2,000 tip. But that's what happened Thursday to one Ann Arbor driver who delivered a single pizza to a conference room full of more than 200 realtors from Michigan and northern Ohio on Thursday. Pizza House delivery manager Brian LeFevre said he received a call Thursday morning from a man who said they wanted one pizza delivered to the Sheraton Hotel in Ann Arbor. ""They said they wanted it at 2:20 p.m. on the dot,"" LeFevre said. ""I gave it to our delivery driver and he went down there and took it to the front desk"
357,"Comic actor Seth Rogen of Knocked Up fame is set to play Steve Wozniak in Aaron Sorkin's upcoming biopic of Steve Jobs, according to Variety."
359,"A group of Russians claim to have captured the best footage of yeti, a hairy bear-sized humanoid that marched out of the woods before disappearing seconds later"
362,"A recent rumor claims that Elon University has banned the term “freshman” because it’s sexist. But the rumor is not true, according to the university."
364,"Islamic State militants are launching bombs containing live scorpions as the latest terror weapon in Iraq. Canisters of the creatures are being blasted into towns and villages, according to a B..."
365,"A lot of folks are buzzing about 17-year-old Stuyvesant High School senior Mohammed ""Mo"" Islam who is rumored to have made $72 million from trading. New York Magazine's Jessica Pressler profiled him in a recent issue. In the article, he acknowledged to Pressler over caviar and apple juice that his net worth was in the ""high eight figures."" A source familiar with the story told Business Insider that Islam is not worth $72 million. In a phone interview on Monday Islam's partner Damir Tulemagabetov, who was also in the New York Magazine article, said the $72 million figure isn't necessarily"
366,"A mass grave with an unconfirmed number of bodies was discovered in a part of Mexico near to where 43 college students were abducted, authorities announced Saturday night. Guerrero State Attorney General Iaky Blanco said there was a connection between the burial site and the students’ disappearance from a teachers’ college the previous weekend, the Wall Street Journal reports. However, Blanco said it would be “irresponsible” without DNA tests to confirm that the bodies were the missing students. Mexico’s Proceso, citing anonymous sources, reported that 20 bodies had been discovered. The Associated Press reports that six pits had been discovered but did not report a body count"
367,"Social media is awash with news of Islamic State using chemical weapons in an Eastern neighbourhood of Kobane. Asya Abdullah, co-chair of the Democratic Union Party (PYD), who is in Kobane told Kurdish Question that a gas attack had taken place in an Eastern neighbourhood of the city tonight (21 Oct). Abdullah said that they didn't know where the gas had come from because there hadn't been any explosions. She said: ""It could have been a silent missile or a missile placed in the neighbourhood beforehand. Many people have lost consciousness and are struggling to breathe and see. We are investigating the situation but do"
368,#ISIS beheads photojournalist James Wright Foley in a massage to US to end its intervention in #Iraq.
370,"Ignoring the idiotic instances where people intentionally started bending iPhone 6 units in stores just to prove it can be done, Apple did have an iPhone 6 Bendgate problem, which genuinely affected some early buyers."
371,"Bowe Bergdahl exited Taliban captivity in exchange for the U.S. releasing five jihadists to the government of Qatar, and now a U.S. senator claims those jihadists are ""in touch"" with an al-Qaida affiliate, which would confirm the fears of critics who objected to the deal made by the Obama administration."
372,"Multiple Iraqi and Kurdish media sources have claimed that some Islamic State (ISIS) militants in Mosul, Iraq, have contracted the deadly Ebola virus, Mashable reports. The Iraqi outlets reportedly claimed that Ebola had started to spread in a Mosul hospital. The city, known as ISIS’s most important strategic stronghold in Iraq, has been under the control of the Islamic State since June. Christy Feig, the World Health Organization (WHO) director of communications, told Mashable, “We have no official notification from the Iraqi government that it is Ebola.” She said that WHO had reached out to authorities and asked if they needed help investigating the matter."
373,"As Apple gears up to launch the Apple Watch in April this year, Tim Cook while talking to an employee at the Apple Store spilled some extra information about the wearable before the launch."
374,"A ""feminist"" blogger has provoked outrage after claiming she aborted her baby because it was a boy. The author, known only as Lena, said in her blog that she was ready to have a child but because of her ""bad experiences with men"" she had an abortion when she discovered the baby's sex, the Metro has reported. In the blog she says she found out she was pregnant in 2012 and describes the father as ‘the donator’. She also claims to be a feminist, fighting women’s rights ""to the point of eschewing a career"". The woman wrote when she found out she was"
375,"The Boston Globe’s Boston.com last night pulled a story off its website that alleged a Harvard Business School professor had sent “racist” emails to the owner of a Chinese restaurant with whom he had a dispute over $4 on his bill. Boston.com has taken professor Ben Edelman to task over the dispute in a series of stories. Last night, the website posted a story headlined: “Ben Edelman Appears to Have Sent Racist Email to Chinese Restaurant Owner. Today.” “Could it be Harvard Business School Professor Ben Edelman has a problem with people of Asian descent?” the story said. It also included what purported to be the text"
376,"Rumors about a spring launch for the Apple Watch might be true; the latest reports tip a March arrival. Cupertino is reportedly planning to hold ""extensive testing programs"" between Feb. 9 and 16 to acquaint Apple Store employees with the new product category. Citing anonymous sources, 9to5Mac suggested that store representatives will be sent to Apple offices in Cupertino or Austin for hands-on experience, which they will then pass on to in-store employees. Apple unveiled its long-awaited smartwatch in early September, showing off the device, which comes in three variants with different bands: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport, and Apple"
377,"Early signs indicated that Mr Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader who has been absent from public view for more than a month, skipped an important annual ritual."
379,A teacher who reportedly had sex with a 16-year-old pupil who secretly took a video of the tryst may have been the victim of a vicious internet prank.
381,"“Star Wars: The Force Awakens” is one of the most highly anticipated movies of 2015 that is scheduled to be released during winter. The latest reports, however, claim that J.J. Abrams, the director of the seventh episode of the epic space opera, wants an early release date for his movie."
382,"Fox & Friends got very excited Thursday morning over rumors, which they credited to Jordanian TV, that King Abdullah of Jordan had potentially participated in retaliatory airstrikes against ISIS after the immolation death of Jordanian pilot Muath al-Kasaesbeh. “What a statement that would make,” Steve Doocy said. “He is stepping up with strong leadership and clarity,” Elisabeth Hasselbeck said. “What is our president doing? Fox aired photos of of King Abdullah in flight gear, which had been making the rounds on Twitter since Wednesday evening: Reports that Jordanian King Abdullah, himself a pilot, will fly sorties on ISIS targets"
383,"The sale of a private island in Lake Mlaren has received international attention, thanks to the assertion that it is Tiger Woods who sells it. But that's not true - the true owner is a Swedish millionaire."
384,"What's thought to be an audio recording of the shooting death of Michael Brown has reportedly surfaced. According to CNN, an unidentified man, who has since been interviewed by the FBI, is said to have managed to record the incident in which Michael Brown was shot by Officer Darren Wilson earlier this month, setting off a national firestorm. The most notable tidbit from the short recording (and what will become subject to the most immediately scrutiny and parsing) is the existence of two distinct volleys of gunfire from Officer Darren Wilson's weapon. From CNN: In the recording, a quick series of shots can be heard, followed by a pause"
385,"Rome| An Italian expert studying a first century document written by the Roman historian Marcus Velleius Paterculus that was recently discovered in the archives of the Vatican, found what is presumed to be the first eyewitness account ever recorded of a miracle of Jesus Christ."
386,"Just when you thought you had seen it all, Islamic State militants turn up the amplifier of terror to 11. As The Mirror reports, ISIS is launching bombs containing live scorpions as the latest t..."
387,"(Nov. 26, 2014) – Your Thanksgiving turkey is perfectly safe. There is no nationwide turkey recall. You don’t have to worry about an Ebola-infected bird. Both of those rumors spread this month across social media. The fake turkey recall first appeared on a satirical website called “National Report.” The article quoted the CDC as saying millions of turkeys were unsafe because of avian flu. The USDA’s Food Safety Inspection Service went on Twitter to debunk the hoax, saying the agency would post any real recalls on its website. Snopes.com—the premier debunker of internet myths—said the article was fake. And the"
388,A boy who was almost killed when he was knocked out by a huge electrical shock claims he has become a LIVING MAGNET with superpowers like those of Marvel's Magneto.
390,"Mohammed Emwazi has been identified as the masked militant known as ""Jihadi John"" who appears in videos showing the beheadings of American and British hostages."
391,The Department of Homeland Security flatly denied on Wednesday a claim from a California Congressman that the ISIS terror army is quietly slipping into the United States through its porous southern border – and that American border patrol agents have already captured ten of its soldiers.
394,"An unverified photo claims to show the body of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi after he was purportedly killed by US air strikes against three senior members of ISIS. An aide to al-Baghdadi were also killed by US air strikes. The ISIS leader was reportedly killed during an air strike in the city of Mosul, which ISIS forces took over this summer. Pentagon Spokesman Col. Steve Warren could not confirm the deaths and said ISIS leaders had not been targeted. But he added that if ISIS leaders were embedded “inside troop formations they are likely to be killed.” A number of news outlets and websites have published the unverified photo"
395,New York City—a generally liberal city whose marijuana laws have remained notoriously strict even as drug policies have been reformed in other areas of the country—may begin instructing police officers to issue tickets to individuals found in possession of marijuana rather than arresting them. The New York Times' Joseph Goldstein has the scoop: People found with small amounts of marijuana would be issued court summonses and be allowed to continue on their way without being handcuffed and taken to station houses for fingerprinting. The change would remake the way the police in New York City handle the most common drug offenses and would represent Mayor Bill de Blasio’s most significant effort since taking office to
396,"Islamist militias in Libya took control of nearly a dozen commercial jetliners last month, and Western intelligence agencies recently issued a warning that the jets could be used in terrorist attacks across North Africa."
397,"No less than seven school girls fell pregnant during a five day school trip recently. Parents of the girls, who are aged between 13 and 15-years-old, are furious at the school and say the children were not properly supervised."
398,"Could a newly released audio provide more clues on what led up to Michael Brown's shooting death? The FBI has questioned a man who says he recorded audio of gunfire at the time Brown was shot by Ferguson, Missouri, police on August 9, the man's attorney told CNN. In the recording, a quick series of shots can be heard, followed by a pause and then another quick succession of shots. Forensic audio expert Paul Ginsberg analyzed the recording and said he detected at least 10 gunshots -- a cluster of six, followed by four. ""I was very concerned about that pause... because it's not just the number"
399,"A religious cleric in Saudi Arabia has issued a fatwa forbidding the building of snowmen. Sheikh Mohammed Saleh al-Munajjid was asked whether it was permissible for fathers to build snowmen for children after a snowstorm in the country's north. His response: It is not permitted to make a statue out of snow, even by way of play and fun. – SHEIKH MOHAMMED SALEH AL-MUNAJJID Quoting Muslim scholars, he argued that to build a snowman was to create an image of a human being, which is considered sinful under the country's strict interpretation of Sunni Islam. The"
401,"Google Inc. plans to buy about half of Redwood City's mammoth Pacific Shores Center office campus in a stunning deal that could reshuffle the Peninsula real estate scene. Even by the standards of Google’s relentless real-estate acquisition spree, this is a big one. The world's biggest search-engine company is buying six office buildings totaling nearly a million square feet, according to several industry sources who were not willing to talk about the deal publicly. The project is owned by the Blackstone Group and Starwood Capital and managed by Equity Office. The purchase — which could close later this month — would be Mountain View-based Google’"
402,"Detectives are hunting a tweed jacket-wearing man who is slapping High Street shoppers in his town if they sneeze. In what Cumbria Police admit is ""very unusual behaviour"", the middle-aged man first smacked a woman around the head after she sneezed in Carlisle town centre on Monday. Then on Tuesday, officers believe the same man launched a second attack on a frail pensioner who also had a bout of the sniffles. In that incident, an 82 year-old woman who had just sneezed was slapped over the head at 11.30am in Carlisle. • MP scolded for loud sneeze in Commons • Video: Kangaroo has a sneezing"
403,"WORLDWIDE - NASA has confirmed that the Earth will experience 6 days of almost complete darkness and will happen from the dates Tuesday the 16 - Monday the 22 in December. The world will remain, during these three days, without sunlight due to a solar storm, which will cause dust and space debris to become plentiful and thus, block 90% sunlight. This is the head of NASA Charles Bolden who made the announcement and asked everyone to remain calm. This will be the product of a solar storm, the largest in the last 250 years for a period of 216 hours total. Reporters interviewed a few people to hear what they had to say about the situation"
404,"The sister of the British-born American photojournalist, Luke Somers, held captive by al-Qaeda's Yemen affiliate, claims he was killed in a failed rescue attempt."
405,"Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary was known as L Jinny or Lyricist Jinn at home in London, where his rising music career saw him appear in videos and have his singles played on BBC Radio in 2012"
406,"According to the latest research from our WDE (Wearables) research service, the Apple Watch smartwatch will ship 15 million units worldwide in 2015. Apple will quickly become the world’s number one smartwatch vendor with 55 percent global marketshare this year. We forecast total global smartwatch shipments to grow 511 percent from 4.6 million units in 2014 to 28.1 million units in 2015. Most of the smartwatch growth will come from the new Apple Watch, which we forecast to ship 15.4 million units worldwide in 2015. Apple will quickly become the world’s number one smartwatch vendor and capture 55 percent global marketshare this year. The Apple Watch is the catalyst to"
407,"The health-focused smartwatch that Apple initially envisioned is not the same one the company will unveil next month, according to a new report. Apple's original concept for the Apple Watch was one that would track blood pressure, heart activity, stress levels and other functions, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday, citing sources familiar with the device. But none of those features will make it into the final product due to a variety of issues, according to the Journal. Some features didn't work properly. Others proved too complex. And some would have required regulatory approval. As such, Apple was forced to scale back the range and depth of"
409,"Over the weekend, the Canadian police force of Newfoundland and Labrador posted a ""wanted"" status on Facebook looking for Rodney Constantine, a man wanted for assault and some outstanding warrants. Apparently, Rodney Constantine himself commented on the post and is planning to turn himself in. Constantine let police know he'll be coming in ""Monday morn,"" but the RNC police politely reminded him that their facilities are open 24/7. What proceeded was a weird and hilarious correspondence between police and Constantine in the comment section. The RNC police told BuzzFeed News that they believe this is their guy, but he has yet to physically turn himself in. ""It's hard"
410,"CORSICANA (October 14, 2014) Navarro County officials Tuesday emphatically rejected as false a posting on the National Report website that said the small town of Purdon was quarantined because a family of five tested positive for the Ebola virus after the father began to exhibit symptoms following a business trip to Dallas."
413,"The robot apocalypse probably won't happen any time soon, but the new robot sentries guarding Microsoft's Silicon Valley campus seem like something straight out of a futuristic sci-fi movie. According to ExtremeTech, each of the K5 security guard robots from robotics company Knightscope stands 5 feet tall and weighs 300 pounds, so you probably don't want to mess with one. The K5 robots don't come with any weapons onboard—thankfully—but they use a suite of alarms, sirens, and cameras to monitor and patrol the grounds of Microsoft's campus. If one spots trouble, it'll either sound"
414,"While Apple has yet to publicly announce a specific launch date for the Apple Watch beyond ""Early 2015"", sources speaking to 9to5Mac say the company is currently planning for a March debut in the initial wave of countries."
416,"Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., says that at least ten fighters for the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria have been apprehended while attempting to enter the southern U.S. border"
417,"A prominent Saudi Arabian cleric has whipped up controversy by issuing a religious ruling forbidding the building of snowmen, described them as anti-Islamic. Asked on a religious website if it was permissible for fathers to build snowmen for their children after a snowstorm in the country's north, Sheikh Mohammed Saleh al-Munajjid replied: “It is not permitted to make a statue out of snow, even by way of play and fun.” Sheikh Mohammad Saleh al-Munajjid. (Photo courtesy: riyadhconnect.com) Quoting from Muslim scholars, Sheikh Munajjid argued that to build a snowman was"
418,"VENICE BEACH, Calif. --You've probably heard Apple is launching its latest i-device, a new Apple Watch, in April and that it will start at $350. But did you know there are three editions of the watch? What no one knows, outside of Apple, is how much the top of the line ""Watch Edition"" will sell for. We've seen online reports that it could sell for as much as $4,000. Maybe more. So we got to wondering: How much would consumers pay for the top-of-the-line Apple Watch? Not much, as we recently found out in chats with"
419,"James Wright Foley, an American journalist kidnapped in 2012, was beheaded in an ISIS video released on Tuesday, August 19. The video is titled “A Message to America.” A figure in a black robe with a gun strapped on his person and a masked hat covering his face, apart from his eyes, appears in the video next to Foley. In the video, the Islamic State says that Obama’s authorization of strikes against IS places United States “upon a slippery slope towards a new war front against Muslims,” accordin to BNO. “Any attempt by you, Obama, to deny Muslims liberty & safety under the Islamic caliphate, will"
423,"The reported ceasefire between the Nigerian government and Boko Haram, the terrorist group still holding more than 200 girls captive, does not appear to be working out, as violence over the weekend put the possibility of the girls' return on even more tenuous ground."
424,"Apple has remained mum as to its pricing strategy for the three versions of the Apple Watch to be made available next year, only saying that the price will start at $350 for the entry-level version, likely to be the Apple Watch Sport, which features light aluminum and a sweat-resistant band made from a rubbery material. But jewelry industry experts believe the Apple Watch Edition, which comes with 18-karat yellow gold or rose gold, a sapphire crystal display and Venetian leather for its bands, will cost around $1,200, with other jewelers estimating that Apple's fanciest smartwatch could be priced as much as $10,000. Watch expert Chad Rick"
425,"Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.) said Tuesday night that U.S. border officials have caught “at least 10′′ Islamic State fighters or people with ties to the group as they tried to enter the U.S. through Mexico, a claim that was immediately disputed by the Obama administration."
427,"Ahmed Abdi Godane, the co-founder of al-Shabab, the Qaeda-linked militant network in Somalia, was killed in a U.S. airstrike on Monday, the Pentagon said."
428,"Sony's high-profile biopic of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs will have plenty of award winning pedigree behind it, as Oscar winning actor Christian Bale will reportedly play the lead on the project, which also features an Academy Award winning director and screenwriter."
431,"Tiger Woods isn't golfing. He's taking some time off to rest, to heal, and to work on his game. But according to one dude who probably doesn't know anything, it's all a coverup, and Woods is actually serving a secret Tour suspension for a failed drug test. Today, both the PGA Tour and Woods's agent flatly deny the claim. The drug-test rumor came from occasional pro golfer Dan Olsen, and was made on a Lansing, Mich., sports talk radio show on Friday morning. Who the hell is Dan Olsen? Good question! He played a single full"
432,"Even in India, where government jobs are considered to be for life, A.K. Verma was pushing it. Verma, an executive engineer at the Central Public Works Department, was fired after last appearing for work in December 1990. ""He went on seeking extension of leave, which was not sanctioned, and defied directions to report to work,"" the government said in a statement on Thursday. Even after an inquiry found him guilty of ""wilful absence from duty"" in 1992, it took another 22 years and the intervention of a cabinet minister to remove him, the government said. India's labour laws, which the World Bank says are the"
433,"A nun living in an Italian convent has given birth to a surprise baby after complaining of stomach pains, according to the Italian press. The nun, who came to Italy from South America, belonged to an order called the Missionary Sisters of the Love of Christ in Macerata, located in the Italian region of Le Marche. She says she had no idea she was pregnant. She was taken to hospital by her sisters, where doctors quickly told her she was pregnant, according to Italian newspaper Il Corriere Adriatico. The baby is healthy and the nun’s convent has expressed an interest in taking care of him. The nun arrived"
438,"Police are hunting a middle-aged man who is slapping high street shoppers if they sneeze. In what Cumbria Police admit is'very unusual behaviour', the man, who wears a tweed jacket, first smacked a woman round the head after she sneezed in Carlisle town centre on Monday. The following day, the same man is thought to have slapped an 82-year-old woman who had just sneezed in Scotch Street, Carlisle. Sgt Gill Cherry of Cumbria Police said the pensioner was left feeling 'confused and upset'. Police were informed about the first attack by witnesses – but have yet to trace the victim. Cumbria"
440,"TORONTO, Oct 22- Canadian police are investigating a man named as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as a possible suspect in the shootings around parliament, a source familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. Two U.S. officials said that U.S. agencies have been advised that the shooter was a Canadian convert to Islam."
442,Rumors have been circulating that the Apple Watch will launch in February.
443,"Soldiers searching for dozens of students missing after clashes with police at a demonstration in southern Mexico have found a mass grave full of bodies too burned or disfigured to be identified, officials said. The mass murder near the rural town of Iguala, in the crime-hot state of Guerrero, may be one of the worst massacres since the clampdown on Mexico’s drugs gangs began eight years ago, and suspicion has fallen on local police links to a gang known as Guerrero Unido."
444,"Hospital authorities are carrying out an investigation after a mentally ill woman was spotted apparently trying to eat her baby shortly after giving birth. The shocking incident happened at a hospital in the city of Shenzhen in southern China&rsquo;s Guangdong Province, where the woman had been discovered heavily pregnant and in labour on the street. She had been taken into the hospital and had given birth, and then placed in a ward where attempts had been made to contact her family as she was left to nurse the child. However on the woman's third day in hospital, nurse Liu Tianlun had gone into the bedroom to find the young mother biting her son"
445,"SANAA, Dec 6- An operation by Yemen's armed forces early on Saturday freed an American hostage being held by al Qaeda and killed 10 members of the militant group holding him, the country's Defence Ministry said on its website. A security source told Reuters the operation included an air strike followed by a raid involving Yemeni and U.S. forces."
446,The Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) claims to have beheaded an American photojournalist and has threatened the life of another American if President Obama doesn't stop airstrikes in Iraq.
447,"Lana, who describes herself as a feminist who has fought for women’s rights ‘to the point of eschewing a career’, says she aborted her baby because she ‘hates the patriarchy’"
450,"TEXAS CITY — A local plumber is being flooded with phone calls — and some threats — after a picture of one of his old company vehicles being used by Islamist militants in Syria was posted on Twitter. The picture was posted online by the Islamic extremist brigade Ansar al-Deen Front, according to a CBS News report. It shows a black pick-up truck with a Mark-1 Plumbing decal on the door and an anti-aircraft gun in the bed. Mark Oberholtzer, who has owned and operated Mark-1 Plumbing in Texas City for the past 32 years, confirmed it was his pickup truck in the picture. He said he"
451,"Comcast, the cable company widely applauded for its outstanding customer service, has unfairly come under fire for its totally reasonable reaction to a customer's complaint. According to the Consumerist, a customer identified as ""Conal"" claims he was fired from the accounting firm where he worked after a Comcast rep called his boss and told on him for trying to report his terrible customer service experience to Comcast higher-ups. The story starts as most Comcast stories start: with the cable company charging Conal for services and equipment he neither requested nor used. When Conal tried to cancel his subscription in October 2013, Comcast reportedly sent him $1,820 worth of"
454,"It was less than two weeks ago that screenwriter Aaron Sorkin was gushing over Christian Bale as the best actor on the board in a certain age range” and his ideal choice to play Apple founder Steve Jobs in a new biopic. He said he “couldn’t be more excited” to have cast him in the role. Now, according to The Hollywood Reporter, Bale has dropped out of the project. Sources told THR that “after much deliberation and conflicting feelings” Bale “came to the conclusion he was not right for the part and decided to withdraw.” Before Bale was given the chance to turn down the role, it was reportedly offered"
455,"President Goodluck Jonathan is expected to declare that he is standing for re-election, and positive news about the hostages could deflect criticism of his handling of the crisis"
456,"Islamic State militants on Tuesday released a video that purported to show the beheading of James Foley, an American freelance journalist who has been missing since he was kidnapped in Syria in November 2012."
458,"British actor poised to take the lead in Jobs, directed by Danny Boyle, after Leonardo DiCaprio pulled out Christian Bale is back in line to play Steve Jobs in a new biopic about the Apple co-founder after Leonardo DiCaprio backed out in order to take a break from acting."
459,"Someone displaying symptoms of Ebola, who apparently had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan, showed up at a Care Now facility in Frisco, Texas, Wednesday afternoon, the Dallas Morning News reported."
460,"Unlucky in love Yang Hu was so fed up with not having a girlfriend that he chopped off his own penis -because he had no real use for it. The depressed 26-year-old believed there was no chance of ever finding a partner due to his long work hours. So in desperation he cut off his penis in a bid to stop himself thinking about finding love. Realising his mistake Yang CYCLED to hospital to get treatment only to be sent home by shocked doctors who told him to retrieve his severed penis so they could attempt to reattach it. However, when he returned he had lost too much blood and"
461,"Forensic investigators find no trace of 43 students who disappeared after confrontation with police, as 14 more police officers are arrested and confessed to participating in the disappearance, bringing the total number of detainees to 50"
462,"The U.S. airdropped weapons to the Kurds of Kobani, but they ended up in the hands of the Islamic State. This might just have been the easiest."
464,"Amazon, the cyber store that sells everything, plans to open its first physical store at 7 W 34th Street in Midtown Manhattan just in time for the holiday season. The experimental store will work as a mini-warehouse for some same day deliveries in New York. It'll surely serve as a nice little billboard, too. The new brick-and-mortar shop is actually across the street from the Empire State Building, so it's clearly primo real estate. That's surely why analysts think that Amazon is opening the space as a marketing effort. It doesn't hurt that the company will be able to show off its"
465,"The Pentagon admitted on Wednesday that ISIS did in fact get its hands on one of the 28 bundles of weapons and medical supplies that the U.S. dropped to Kurdish forces on Monday. Two of the bundles had missed their marks, but one was destroyed by the U.S."
466,"URGENT: ISIS kills 300 Iraqi soldiers by chlorine gas attack in Saqlawiyah On Monday, several Iraqi officials confirmed that ISIS murdered over 300 soldiers using chlorine gas in Saqlawiyah, north of Fallujah. The soldiers suffocated and died from the chemical attack. iraqi news gas attack (Iraqi News photo) Vice President Osama Nujaifi condemned the massacre at Saqlawiyah base in Anbar Province. ISIS militants used suicide bombers and chlorine gas to kill 300 Iraqi soldiers. Iraqi News Agency reported: Vice President Osama Nujaifi condemned the “heinous crime which perpetrated by terrorist Daash in killing three hundred"
467,"Crews removed a time capsule dating back to 1795 on Thursday from the granite cornerstone of the Massachusetts Statehouse, where historians believe it was originally placed by Revolutionary War luminaries Samuel Adams and Paul Revere among others. The small time capsule is believed to contain items such as old coins, documents, newspapers and a metal plate that was owned by Revere. Secretary of State William Galvin speculated that some of the items could have deteriorated over time. Official plan to X-ray the capsule on Sunday at Boston's Museum of Fine Arts to get some idea of the contents and possibly details on their condition, then open it next week. Scroll down for video"
468,"The state of North Dakota has named a new publicly-owned landfill after President Barack Obama. In an overwhelming 35-10 vote, the state Senate advanced a bill naming a 650-acre site currently under construction after the nation’s 44th president. Governor Jack Dalrymple is expected to sign the measure into law Tuesday. When completed, the Barack Obama Memorial Landfill will be the largest waste disposal site in North Dakota, and the 17th largest in the United States. It will be especially rich in toxic waste from the local petroleum and medical industries. “We wanted to do something to honor the president,” says Republican State Senator Doug Perlman"
470,"Though Apple was mum about battery life for its forthcoming wrist-worn accessory when it was announced on Tuesday, the company has since said that it expects people to charge it nightly, suggesting the battery life will offer about one day of operation."
472,"American and British intelligence officials are eyeing a British-born rapper as the militant who beheaded journalist James Foley. A senior Western intelligence official told Fox News that 23-year-old London rapper Abdel Majed Abdel Bary is the suspect believed to be Foley's executioner. U.S. intelligence officials are not commenting publicly on the reports, but a well-placed source told Fox News that Bary's Egyptian-born father was extradited from London to the United States in 2012 for his alleged connection to Usama bin Laden and the 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings in Africa. Bary traveled to Syria last year to"
474,"Eran Cicurel, an editor at Voice of Israel, has quoted YPG fighters familiar with the situation in Kobani, saying that Gill Rosenberg was not captured by IS. Cicurel's..."
475,"When you complain to your cable company, you certainly don’t expect that the cable company will then contact your employer and discuss your complaint. But that’s exactly what happened to one former Comcast customer who says he was fired after the cable company called a partner at his accounting firm. IT BEGAN INNOCENTLY ENOUGH... Conal began subscribing to Comcast service in early 2013 after he says he was sold a 9-month promotional pricing offer. But from the start, there were issues with his service, as he was being charged for set-top boxes that had yet to be activated. Additionally, someone at Comcast billing had misspelled Con"
476,NOTHING tops off a holiday in Bali like discovering there is a spider burrowing under your skin. Bunbury local Dylan Thomas&rsquo; first trip to Bali last weekend was complete with a visit to the Bali International Medical Centre to have a tropical spider pulled out of his stomach.
477,Airline travelers worried about Ebola are taking matters into their own hands over fears healthcare officials have underestimated the virus. Pictures posted to social media show a number of people arriving at airports with surgical masks and gloves on. One person wore an entire HAZMAT suit.
478,"Apple has ""studied platinum watch casings"" according to a new report in The Wall Street Journal. However, it’s not expected to announce the new case during today’s ""Spring Forward"" event. The WSJ also corroborates rumors that Apple will be redesigning its stores to include a space where customers can try on the watch by appointment. It’s likely that Apple will be limiting the initial buying experience to its own stores, where the company has total control over the sales experience. Reuters reports that Apple resellers, like Best Buy, may not carry the watch at launch, with Macy’s, Saks, Bloomingdale's,"
480,"Former Major League Baseball outfielder Jose Canseco was injured in an accidental shooting at his home in Las Vegas, Nev., according to KLAS-TV's Natalie Cullen. Canseco allegedly shot himself in the hand and is now recovering at a local hospital, reports KTNV's Spencer Lubitz. Police have confirmed that a shooting took place at Canseco's home on the east side of the Las Vegas valley, per the KLAS-TV story. In 17 major league seasons, Canseco hit.266/.353/.515 with 462 home runs for seven teams including the Athletics"
481,"Men claiming to be part of terrorist group ISIL posted a video allegedly showing the beheading of freelance photojournalist James Wright Foley, who disappeared in northwest Syria on November 22, 2012."
482,A graphic sex video that has been shared across South America after rumours emerged that it involved a female teacher and her teenage pupil has been exposed as a fake.
483,"An audio recording released on Tuesday morning may shed light on the death of a Missouri teenager fatally shot by a police officer August 9, which have sparked protests that resumed this week. The tape, provided to CNN, allegedly contains audio captured during a Ferguson resident's video chat at the time of the shooting. CNN says the authenticity of the tape has yet to be verified, but what appears to be gunfire can be heard in the background of the call."
484,"The man who is reported to have shot an assailant on Parliament Hill today is a former police officer with a background in providing security services for dignitaries, including members of the Royal Family."
487,"With Apple's media event just a week away and the company expected to offer final details there on the Apple Watch ahead of its April debut, The New York Times has a new report out sharing a few new tidbits on the device."
488,"Dramatic footage has emerged of a US marine being shot in the head by a Taliban sniper, only to be saved by his Kevlar helmet. The video was captured on the helmet camera of a marine in 2013, when he and two other marines were taking part in a reconnaissance mission in the NawZad district of the renowned Helmand Province, Afghanistan."
490,"One passenger at Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C. is apparently not taking any chances. A female passenger dressed in a hazmat suit — complete with a full body gown, mask and gloves — was spotted Wednesday waiting for a flight at the airport. Another traveler snapped a photo of the woman and provided it to The Daily Caller. Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person to be diagnosed of Ebola on American soil, had a layover at Dulles last month while traveling from West Africa to Texas. He died last week. Health officials have said that passengers at the airport were not at risk for exposure to Ebola because Duncan was not"
493,"Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader who has mysteriously been missing from the public eye for almost a month, sparking rumours ranging from a stroke to a coup d'etat, is apparently just recovering from ankle surgery."
494,"A woman who claims to be the girlfriend of swimming superstar Michael Phelps has revealed she was born a boy. Taylor Lianne Chandler - who says she is in love with the swimmer - revealed on Facebook that she was called David Roy Fitch at birth. She said during her teens she changed her name and used testosterone blockers before having surgery to remove her male genitalia in her early 20s. As reported by Mail Online, writing on Facebook, she said: ""I was never a man, never lived as a man. No one can say they knew me as a man or produce a photo of me as a man."" The 41-"
495,Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Islamic State has Russian-made MiG 21 and 23 warplanes and is being trained at al Jarrah airbase in Aleppo
497,"A schoolboy who was almost killed when he was knocked out by a massive electrical shock claims to have developed a superpower. Nikolai Kryaglyachenko, 12, was walking home after school when he lent briefly against the lamppost that was live from a faulty wire, and was blasted across the pavement."
498,"The owner of a £1.5 million Bugatti Veyron supercar could be left with a £500,000 dent in their pocket after crude vandals painted a huge penis on its bonnet. Yobs targeted the silver-coloured car which was parked in a street in Seattle, US. The Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Grand Sport is the world’s most expensive production car and is capable of going from 0 to 60mph in just 2.6 seconds. But its flashy owner will be reeling, as the graffiti is set to slash a whopping half a million pounds off the racing car's retail value. The image was posted on Reddit this week, with some users condemning the"
499,"A newly released audio recording aired by CNN Monday purportedly captures the sound of gunfire from the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo. The unauthenticated audio was recorded by a man who says he was taping a video chat conversation when the shooting of the unarmed black teen by a white police officer occurred around noon on Saturday, Aug."
500,"Iraqi Member of Parliament Ali al-Bredi has claimed that Islamic State (IS) militants are using Chlorine gas against Iraqi soldiers in Fallujah. In a press conference on Monday, al-Bredi revealed that IS have killed 300 Iraqi soldiers with chlorine gas. He said that the militants deployed the gas in the Siqiliya area located of northern Fallujah, a city in Anbar province, about 70 km from the capital of Iraq, Baghdad. “Responsibility for this lies with Iraqi PM Haidar Abadi and the commander of the forces in Anbar as they failed to rescue the soldiers,” said al-Bredi. Expanding on"
502,Riveting video taken inside Ottawa's House of Commons on Wednesday makes startlingly real just how heart-thumpingly dangerous the situation was that Kevin Vickers heroically diffused.
503,"WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT A man blamed his small penis for his girlfriend breaking up with him and decided to chop it off with a razor. But after cutting off his organ and throwing it in a bin, 22-year-old Oliver Ilic, was unable to stop the bleeding. He called emergency services and was taken to a hospital in Kocani, Macedonia, where he told medics he had decided to cut it off because it was no use. He explained his girlfriend had ended their relationship after telling him he was not good in bed. Oliver Ilic, 22, from Macedonia, called for help after he was unable to"
504,A MAN who was dumped by his girlfriend when she told him he was not any good in bed chopped off his penis and threw it in the bin. The man told medics he felt his small penis was to blame for the fact he h...
505,"The White House fence-jumper apparently surprised the guard at the front door because a nearby alarm box had been muted: After barrelling past the guard immediately inside the door, Gonzalez, who was carrying a knife, dashed past the stairway leading a half-flight up to the first family’s living quarters. He then ran into the 80-foot-long East Room, an ornate space often used for receptions or presidential addresses. Gonzalez was tackled by a counter-assault agent at the far southern end of the East Room. The intruder reached the doorway to the Green Room, a parlor overlooking the South Lawn with artwork and antique furniture, according"
506,"The latest major hoax, 'Days of darkness' has finally been dispelled after satirical news site Huzlers.com wrote a story claiming that the world would be plunged into six days without light during December."
508,"Last month, Islamist radicals seized Tripoli International Airport and took possession of as many as 11 commercial jetliners, according to a report from Magharebia, an online news site covering North Africa. News of the stolen planes have now created concerns for officials, who fear the militants may use them to carry out acts of terrorism against America."
509,"BEIRUT— Lebanese authorities detained a woman and young boy believed to be the wife and son of the reclusive Islamic State group leader, and were questioning the woman and conducting DNA tests on the child, senior Lebanese officials said Tuesday. If their identities are confirmed, Lebanon may use the pair as bargaining chips to win the release of soldiers and police taken hostage by the extremists in cross-border attacks earlier this year. A Lebanese military official identified the woman as Saja al-Dulaimi who was held by Syrian authorities and freed in a prisoner exchange with the Nusra Front, Syria's al-Qaida-linked branch, earlier"
510,"Apple is planning to open a dedicated pop-up shop for the Apple Watch at high-end department store Selfridges in London, according to sources."
511,"This is the moment an airport worker protested against 'rough' security guards - by stripping NAKED and walking through the scanner in just his socks. Georgy Myakinkin, 31, left his keys at work following his shift at Pulkovo Airport in St Petersburg, Russia."
512,"Fans of ""Star Wars"" may not have to wait until December to watch ""The Force Awakens"", as a new report states that director JJ Abrams wants to release the movie this summer."
513,"Big Bank Hank, the New York rapper who, as part of the Sugarhill Gang, released what is generally regarded as the first rap record, has died at the age of 57."
514,"Claim: Kanye West has been banned from all future award shows. FALSE Example: [Collected via email, February 2015] Kanye West banned from attending future grammy awards. Is this real? Origins: On 9 February 2015, the entertainment website Adobo Chronicles published an article claiming that rapper Kanye West had been barred from all future award shows: He did it again. Rapper Kanye West reprised his most infamous stunt at Sunday night's Grammy awards, taking the stage as Beck was accepting the album of the year award. After this latest incident, organizers of the major awards shows like the Grammys, MTV Video Music Awards, People"
515,"In a room filled with such workstations from one side to the other, mobile phone labour takes place at an industrial level. Simply put, a worker downloads (and deletes and downloads, etc.) an app to boost its rank on the App Store, calculated by how many times the app has been downloaded. Apple has previously adopted measures to deter crank-boosting in order to ensure fair rankings for developers and users. In 2014 November, Apple introduced a 1 yuan strategy to drop the threshold for users to download apps, also intended to negatively impact the crank-boosting industry. But as crank-boosting simulates genuine user activity, it is"
516,"A married Russian TV star woke up one day to discover his testicles were missing. The actor had been drinking with a young blonde woman in a Moscow bar before he blanked out and woke up missing the body parts. He believes he was drugged after taking the woman to a sauna, enjoying a beer and then kissing her. Dmitry Nikolaev, 30, woke up the next day in a bus stop in a lot of pain with blood staining his clothes. He was taken to hospital and told his testicle had been removed in what was described as medically-educated surgery. Russian police fear a gang seeking to sell organs on the black market could"
518,"The CBI has booked Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh in connection with alleged forced castration of followers inside his ashram in Sirsa, Haryana."
520,"The Islamist militant group Boko Haram has agreed to a ceasefire and the release of more than 200 kidnapped school girls, according to Nigerian officials. The girls were abducted six months ago from a school in Chibok. Nigerian government officials claimed on Friday to have struck a two-part deal with Boko Haram, including a ceasefire and the release of 219 school girls, whose abduction last April sparked international outrage. ""Boko Haram issued the ceasefire as a result of the discussions we have been having with them,"" said Hassan Tukur, who represented the Nigerian government at talks with the militant organization in neighboring Chad. ""They have agreed to release the Chi"
521,"Apple apparently wanted its smartwatches to focus heavily on health-related features, but the company was forced to changed direction mid-development. According to The Wall Street Journal, the company originally envisioned a device that can monitor heart rate, blood pressure and stress levels (based on the conductivity of the skin). Unfortunately, the sensors they tested just didn't pass muster, which isn't entirely surprising, since we've reviewed plenty of wearables with patchy heart rate monitors in the past. The company's engineers found that hairy arms, dry skin and even how tightly the watch is worn can affect the results, and they didn't"
522,"A jilted lover in Macedonia has chopped off his own penis after girlfriend told him he was no good in bed, it has been reported. Twenty-two-year-old Oliver Ilic cut off his organ with a single swipe from a razor blade and then threw the remains in the bin, the metro.co.uk reports."
523,"In a mass influx of basicness, it seems Durex may or may not be hopping on the pumpkin spice bandwagon. This past weekend, images of a Starbucks PSL-inspired condom took social media by storm. Is this a ploy to get basic bitches of the world to stop procreating? Will they actually be able to convince a potential partner to wrap it up with something as bizarre as this? Is there even a demand for a product like this? The image is an altered image of Durex’s flavored “Taste Me” condom line, which just begs me to ask one question: Can your genital"
524,"Apple would never lower itself to rubbing elbows with the unwashed masses at CES, but it does like to throw out a few announcements during the show to get under everyone’s skin. Cupertino has been quiet thus far, but rumors are swirling about a 12-inch MacBook Air refresh, and this isn’t just a spec bump. Apple [...]"
526,"A Catholic priest from Massachussetts was officially dead for more than 48 minutes before medics were able to miraculously re-start his heart. During that time, Father"
527,"A hallucinogenic fungi has been found growing in the Queen’s garden at Buckingham Palace after being discovered by gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh. The television presenter unearthed the fungi at Buckingham Palace for an ITV gardening show called The Queen’s Garden, and said: “I won’t be eating any of that.” Titchmarsh came across the red and white spotted toadstool — called Amanita muscaria, or fly agaric — on a tour of the private 40-acre plot with ecology expert Professor Mick Crawley. Titchmarsh, 65, asks in an ITV show to be screened on Christmas Day: “"
529,"An 85-year-old woman in Waco, Texas has been arrested for allegedly kidnapping neighbor?s cats and making them into fur coats. Residents took notice when their cats were disappearing and decided to hire a private investigator. Some residents also claimed that they saw their own cats? hide as part of the defendant?s fur coat. In court, the woman admitted to trying to raise her own cats, but became too attached to them. Prosecutors claim the retired fashion designer skinned the cats in her basement. It is believed that it took thirty cats to make a single coat. Up to twenty skinned cats were found at the crime scene"
530,"A homeless man was given a hundred dollars, and what he did will make you cry. YouTube channel owner Josh Paler Lin decided to see it for himself and capture it all on camera. Normally when you think of the homeless, you probably picture some drug or alcohol addict who is only taking money from passerby to support their next fix. Some of them even make more money than the average full-time employee working legally just because they’re good actors with bad clothes and not homeless at all. Instead of assuming the worst, Josh put his money into finding the truth. He started the video asking the audience a question and explaining his"
531,"Nigeria's official news agency says the government fighters from Boko Haram have agreed to an immediate ceasefire. It quoted the chief of defence staff, Air Marshal Alex Badeh, as ordering his troops to immediately comply with the agreement on Friday. The news came as another official confirmed there had been direct negotiations this week in neighbouring Chad about the release of more than 200 schoolgirls abducted six months ago. Al Jazeera's Haru Mutasa, reporting from Lagos, said details of the deal have yet to emerge. ""Both sides have agreed there will be no more attacks, no more bombs and no more attacks on Boko Haram.The government will"
532,"YouTuber Josh Paler Lin wanted to see what would happen if he gave $100 to a hungry homeless man. How would he spend the money? To find out, Josh approached a homeless man by a motorway in Los Angeles, and handed him $100, much to the man's surprise. He then proceeded to follow the homeless man in secret with a camera to see how he would spend it. What he ended up filming shocked him, and it may just change the way you see homelessness. (Source: JoshPalerLin) The homeless man Josh gave the money to, Thomas, has been very down on his luck lately. He"
533,"The heroic sergeant-at-arms who shot dead a lone gunman in Canada's Parliament on Wednesday has been greeted back to work with a lengthy standing ovation. Kevin Vickers, 58, struggled to contain his emotions as members of the House of Commons paid tribute to his bravery, which put an end to Michael Zehaf-Bibeau's shooting spree. Rousing footage shows Vickers leading a ceremonial parade into the chamber on Thursday morning and being greeted by enthusiastic applause from the members of Parliament. He managed to stay mostly expressionless throughout the standing ovation - simply nodding in thanks several times - but as the cheers continued, he appeared"
534,"(ANSA) - Ancona, January 23 - A Bolivian nun gave birth in San Severino Marche after being taken to hospital where she complained of a bad stomach ache, Italian newspaper Corriere Adriatico said on Friday. The newspaper said the nun, whose age wasn't given, gave birth last Sunday and intends to keep the baby, whose sex wasn't given. The nun had been staying at a cloistered convent in the province of Macerata since June. The hospital hasn't confirmed the birth and the bishop of nearby town Camerino, Francesco Brugnaro, hasn't made any comment on"
536,"He died of kidney complications due to cancer, his manager said Henry “Big Bank Hank” Jackson of the Sugarhill Gang died early Tuesday from kidney complications due to cancer, his manager said."
537,"Iguala de la Independencia (Mexico) (AFP) - More bodies were being pulled out of a mass grave in southern Mexico Sunday as authorities worked to determine if 43 students who vanished after a police shooting were among the dead. At least 15 bodies have so far been dug out of pits discovered Saturday on a hill outside the town of Iguala, 200 kilometers (125 miles) south of Mexico City, two police officers at the scene told AFP. The grim find came a week after the students disappeared when a protest turned deadly. Witnesses in Iguala say municipal police officers whisked several of the students away."
538,"On Tuesday, news spread about the reported arrest and interrogation of the wife and son of Islamic State chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in Lebanon. Details about the development are still coming into focus."
539,"Facebook and Twitter is absolutely stuffed with people who are convinced that Home Alone star Macaulay Culkin died on Thursday. It turns out, however, that this is a hoax. Macaulay Culkin is still very much alive. The hoax has gone super-viral and is currently trending all over Facebook, largely because of its ingeniously deceptive presentation. The hoaxer has included of a thumbnail picture that looks an awful lot like a still from a real TV news broadcast about Culkin’s death. In addition, the hoaxer has chosen a URL that at first glance appears to be MSNBC, the US news network. Facebook users have"
541,A South Korean newspaper has reported that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un underwent surgery to repair fractures in both ankles earlier this month. The Chosun Ilbo report cited a source who had recently visited the North and claimed that the 31-year-old had undergone the operation at an exclusive hospital for high-ranking Communist Party members in Pyongyang.
542,FEARS have been raised that Islamic State could target Britain with an EBOLA attack after two of the terror group's fighters reportedly contracted the deadly virus. Sources at a hospital in the northern...
544,"A holidaymaker was left horrified after discovering a tropical spider had burrowed underneath his skin during a trip to Bali. The 21-year-old Aussie was abroad with friends when he discovered the strange red trail stretching two inches across his stomach. Dylan Thomas was told by doctors at the Bali International Medical Centre that he was suffering from an allergic reaction to an insect bite and was sent away with some antihistamine cream. But three days later, when the red mark began to blister, and almost double in length, Dylan knew there was something wrong. Facebook / Dylan Thomas Sore: When the red line began to blister Dylan knew something was really wrong"
545,"If you're already using iOS 8's iCloud Drive feature, you might want to avoid your iPhone's ""Reset"" menu. MacRumors reports that a newly discovered bug causes iCloud Drive documents to be permanently erased from the cloud whenever a a user picks ""Reset All Settings."" Ordinarily this option would simply do what it says; the iPhone's settings and preferences are immediately reset to their original factory defaults. No media (music, photos, etc.) or documents are supposed to be erased or otherwise affected when performing this action — that should only happen if you choose ""Erase All Content and Settings"" and"
546,American and British intelligence officials are eyeing a British-born rapper as the militant who beheaded journalist James Foley. A senior Western intelligence official told Fox News that 23-year-old London rapper Abdel Majed Abdel Bary is the suspect believed to be Foley's executioner.
547,"This photo of a note to parents, purportedly printed on a pamphlet included in a LEGO set from the 1970s, has been making laps around the Internet. The legitimacy of the note, which is noteworthy for its egalitarian tone, has been called into question – but there's good reason to believe it's real. A photo of the note was posted to imgur yesterday by redditor fryd_, where it's received a lot of attention. It's also gained purchase on Twitter. As of this posting, this tweet by @henrywarren has been retweeted over three-thousand times: Pretty great, right"
550,"You're gonna think it's a good idea, but, girl, it is not a good idea. Just eat a slice of pie and then have sex. Or sex then pie. Point is, waffles come first."
551,"Abdel Majed Abdel Bary, a 23-year-old London hip-hop artist, has emerged as one of the main suspects in the investigation into the beheading of journalist James Foley, London's Sunday Times quoted counterterrorism officials."
552,"Computing giant Microsoft is one of the Silicon Valley companies that has hired robot security guards to protect and serve the streets around northern California's technology hub. The Knightscope K5 robot security guards are fitted with lasers, GPS and heat-detecting technology, and can predict where criminals will strike next and the likelihood of future crimes. Unlike human security guards, the egg-like Knightscopes are not armed (Knightscope) The 5ft tall robots are designed to operate without human control and are equipped with surveillance cameras and sensors, a thermal imaging system, scanners that can read 300 car registration plates a minute, and odour detectors."
553,"News of guitarist Willie Nelson’s death spread quickly earlier this week causing concern among fans across the world. However the February 2015 report has now been confirmed as a complete hoax and just the latest in a string of fake celebrity death reports. Thankfully, the guitarist best known for hit songs like To All the Girls I've Loved Before or Pancho and Lefty is alive and well. UPDATE 24/02/2015 : This story seems to be false. (read more) Willie Nelson death hoax spreads on Facebook Rumors of the guitarist’s alleged demise gained traction on Sunday after a ‘R.I.P. Willie Nelson’ Facebook page"
554,"North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un has undergone a hospital operation after he fractured both ankles. The 20-stone leader of one of the world’s most impoverished countries has soared on the scales due to his love of fine wine and dining. Kim, believed to be aged 31, is under armed guard by his personal protection team at a hospital in North Korea’s capital, Pyongyang. One source in South Korea’s Seoul said there had been a marked increase in elite officials visiting the ward after Kim’s official car did not appear to have left Pyongyang in recent weeks. Kim is believed to have sprained then fractured his ankles during a gruelling"
555,"The Weather Channel meteorologist was the victim of some wild misinformation when this happened on the news here Saturday night.... that's when the rumors hit that he was perhaps writing his name in the snow. Of course, Williams is well-known to be a good sport with a decent sense of humor, so one hopes his request for an apology for Seidel isn't too stern. Though really, it wouldn't much help if it was -- he's calling for ""social media"" to apologize, after all, so good luck with that. Nor would it have been, ahem, ""writing his name in the snow"
557,"The Nigerian government said Friday that it reached a cease-fire agreement with Boko Haram, the jihadist organization that kidnapped 219 girls in April, according to the AFP."
559,"Two Aussie mates had to be talked out of the gnarly honour of eating what they claim is the world's oldest burger, which they bought at an Adelaide McDonald's 20 years ago."
560,"""As if"" we needed another. UPDATED: OK, we're somehow supposed to live on earth eating sandwiches and believing that a man who walks like Paul Rudd, wears Paul Rudd's face and (we assume) quacks like Paul Rudd is not actually Paul Rudd. Vanity Fair reached out to the actor's reps, who denied that the man in the video was Rudd. We're calling shenanigans, because superheroes never want their true identities revealed. So, update — wink wink, nudge nudge — the man in the video is definitely not Paul Rudd. Either that, or we have a much bigger clone problem"
562,"Investment firm Piper Jaffray issued a report on Monday breaking down expected Apple Watch average selling prices, saying an aggregate of consumers will likely spend closer to $550 on the device, considering case and internal storage options. Building off Apple's quoted starting price of $349, analyst Gene Munster anticipates combined Apple Watch ASPs to fall closer to $550, or $575 to $600 including additional bands. Apple Watch will come in three separate price tiers — Apple Watch Sport, Apple Watch and Apple Watch Edition — each series including two display sizes and a variety of strap choices. Starting with Apple Watch Sport, the aluminum and glass version widely thought to be the least"
564,"The gunman in a fatal shooting that rocked Ottawa on Wendesday has been identified. Canadian officials told the AP that the shooter, who killed a soldier and wounded two other people near the Canadian Parliament building, is Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, was from Quebec and had recently converted to Islam, U.S. sources told Reuters. According to the Globe and Mail, he had been designated a ""high-risk traveler"" by Canadian officials and was barred from traveling outside the country. After police chased him inside the Parliament building, Zehaf-Bibeau was killed by"
565,"Ever since his wife Ruby's death in 2003, widower Stan Beaton has treasured the outgoing voicemail message she recorded on their phone -- so much so that he refused to change phone companies out of fear that he might lose it. It was the only way he could still hear the sound of her voice. In December, the message was lost during a service upgrade, which left the 68-year-old Brit ""absolutely devastated"" and also ""extremely angry,"" according to the BBC. So he contacted Virgin Media to see if they could retrieve it and -- with the help of nearly a dozen engineers -- they did. In the video above"
567,"The World Health Organization is investigating reports that ISIS militants have contracted the deadly Ebola virus and are seeking help at a hospital in Mosul in Iraq. The virus, which has claimed thousands of lives in West Africa, is believed to have been brought to the city by jihadists from several different countries. WHO spokesman Christy Feig confirmed that the health agency is reaching out to ISIS officials in the region to gather more information, The Daily Mail noted on Friday. Feig said that the Iraqi government hasn't yet responded to the news of possible Ebola cases in the country."
568,"A woman who claims she was Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps’ girlfriend before he checked into rehab has allegedly just dropped a big bomb. Taylor Lianne Chandler, 41, told Radar Online that she was actually born a male — and she never told Phelps. Chandler, whose birth name was David Roy Fitch, told the website that she was an “intersex baby,” with partial male and partial female genitalia. When she was a teenager, she started going by Paige Victoria Whitney and later underwent surgeries to become a woman. Taylor Lianne Chandler (Facebook Photo) Taylor Lianne Chandler (Facebook Photo) Chandler said she met Phelps, 29,"
569,"If you needed another reason to hate Comcast, the most hated company in America, they've just given it to you: they've declared war on Tor Browser."
570,"You want a gold Apple Watch, you say? Then it's going to cost you... a lot. The vanilla variant of Apple's newest wrist-worn wearable device only costs $349. However, if you're willing to spend big cash on something that has the Apple logo on it, the company would be more than willing to accommodate. According to analyst John Gruber, the gold version of the upcoming device may cost about as much as the monthly salary of a middle-class worker in the United States. Gruber predicts that the gold Apple Watch would cost $5,000. The figure is basically just a guess. However, it'"
571,A Twitter user by the name of Cassy delivered the ultimate f*ck you to her cheating boyfriend on Christmas. The details are scarce (outside of the this tweet) but it appears our heroine printed out Twitter DM's her significant other exchanged with another woman. Then she put into a Christmas card like it was a regular ol' gift. 12-29-2014 12-23-46 PM TWITTER 12-29-2014 12-24-18 [...]
572,"As a feel-good video of a generous homeless man continues to touch and move millions around the world, a California man has come forward to claim that the Internet prankster behind it faked a significant portion of the film, confirming our earlier suspicions. In the video released last week, YouTube star Josh Paler Lin purports to give a homeless man named Thomas $100 and then secretly follow him around to see how he spends it. Thomas walks right into a liquor store. But instead of alcohol, the homeless man defies expectations and walks out with a couple of bags of food, then heads to a nearby park and starts giving it away to other"
573,"A Russian man woke up at a bus stop to find that his phone, wallet, and testicles had all been stolen. He was rushed to the hospital, where doctors informed him that the procedure must have been done by someone with medical knowledge, as the surgery was done skillfully and his sack was carefully sewn up again following the removal of his nuts. Police therefore believe this was probably a result of organ trafficking, as opposed to a vindictive crime. Russian newspaper Life News reports that the actor is having trouble figuring out how to explain the situation to his wife, and for now is simply telling her he is at the hospital for a ""serious"
574,Apple is reportedly relying on Samsung's chip-building talents to mass-produce the brand-new chip in the Apple Watch as the device's launch nears.
577,"French Apple website iGen.fr is reporting that pricing for the stainless steel Apple Watch may start at $500, while the gold Apple Watches' pricing could start between $4,000 and $5,000."
578,"The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria posted a video on Tuesday that it said showed the beheading of James Foley, an American journalist who was kidnapped in Syria nearly two years ago."
581,UK Prime Minister David Cameron condemned the beheading of David Haines.
582,"The fat dictator is eyeing up locations as he looks to expand the state-backed chain of restaurants that started springing up in China and the rest of Asia before making their way to Europe. It is believed the 32-year-old, who celebrated his birthday last week, is considering building a joint in Scotland, fuelled by the quest for independence north of the border and the communist country’s love of whisky. Michael Madden, editor of the North Korea Leadership Watch blog, claimed Kim is desperate to build diplomatic ties with European countries with left-wing leanings. “It would not surprise me at all if they opened a restaurant in Scotland"
583,"Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary has reportedly been identified the ISIS militant who beheaded American journalist James Foley in a video released this week. Reports over the last several days had indicated that British intelligence forces were focusing in on the 23-year-old former London resident, who had achieved some fame in the UK for his rap career. Sources say that Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary left his family’s upscale home in London last year to join ISIS. Bary is believed to have traveled to Syria, and recently tweeted a picture of himself holding a severed head. Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary had a somewhat successful rap career"
585,"Macaulay Culkin is NOT dead. A “breaking news” story claiming, “Macaulay Culkin Found Dead at Age 34′′ is a 100 percent fake hoax that’s gone viral on Facebook and Twitter. It is NOT true. The rumor has been fueled by what looks like a screenshot from a cable news broadcast with the graphic, “Breaking: Macaulay Culkin Found Dead At Age 34′′ (see below), which has been shared more than 700,000 times on Facebook. Additionally, at least one version of the “dead” story appears on a MSNBC.website URL meant to trick people into thinking they’re reading"
586,"Seth Rogen will play Steve Wozniak alongside Christian Bale, who has been cast in the role of Steve Jobs in Sony's upcoming Jobs biopic, reports Variety. Rogen will have the opportunity to get advice directly from Wozniak, who is working as a consultant on the film. Rogen is a popular actor who has starred in movies like Neighbors, Pineapple Express, Knocked Up and This Is the End. While Rogen often stars in comedic films, he has demonstrated his ability to do more serious work in movies like Take This Waltz and 50/50. Image courtesy of Variety After several months of limbo after writer Aaron Sorkin finished the screenplay, production on"
587,"Does Jess Smith look familiar? If so, it's probably because she's still recognisable as the Teletubbies sun baby - almost 20 years after she starred in the kids' show."
588,UK Prime Minister David Cameron denounced the Islamic State (IS) jihadist organisation as “monsters” Sunday after the Foreign Office said a video showing the murder of a British aid worker appeared to be authentic.
589,"The reveal of the Apple Watch was unusual for Cupertino, which has traditionally announced products that are ready to launch. We won't be seeing the smarwatch until next year, and Apple is still keeping a few of the details under wraps, including the specs and price. But one source claims to know what the internals of the smartwatch will be. The word comes from analyst Timothy Arcuri of Cowen and Company, who quotes a source from Apple's supply chain. Apparently, the component creators believe the wearable will pack in 512MB of RAM and offer 4GB of RAM as standard, which puts it on an equal"
591,"Scratch Christian Bale off the list of actors supposed to play Steve Jobs. Bale was rumored to be the finalist to play the Apple co-founder in the Aaron Sorkin-written film biography but decided he wasn't right for the part, said The Hollywood Reporter. The Jobs biopic has been in the works since at least 2012, when Sony announced that Sorkin would write a film based on Walter Isaacson's best-selling biography. Bale is the second notable performer to turn down the Jobs role. Leonardo DiCaprio was also pegged for the film. The Hollywood Reporter noted that neither Bale nor DiCaprio had begun negotiations. According to Variety,"
592,"Warning: graphic image below A 22-year-old man from Macedonia chopped off his own penis after his girlfriend ended their relationship and criticised his performance in bed. Oliver Ilic, from Kocani, told doctors that his girlfriend had complained about the size of his penis, which led to him mutilating himself with a razor blade."
593,"By Steve DelVecchio A PGA Tour golfer said he has sources who tell him that Tiger Woods is currently serving a one-month suspension for PED use. Tiger Woods has had a tough career as of late, plagued with injuries and surgeries that have complicated his strong golf swing, and now that he's taken ""a leave of absence"" until his golf game is ""tournament ready,"" he's facing criticism. MORE FROM GOLF 3/2 - Tiger Woods' Agent, PGA Refute Claims Of PED Suspension 3/1 - Rickie Fowler And Kid Rock Give Advice To Tiger Woods 2/28 - Ian Poulter's Caddie Chases"
595,"Multiple users of anonymous Web browser Tor have reported that Comcast has threatened to cut off their Internet service unless they stop using the legal software. According to a report on DeepDotWeb, Comcast customer representatives have branded Tor ""illegal"" and told customers that using it is against the company's policies. Tor is [...]"
598,"The music world is mourning the death of rapper Big Bank Hank, who delighted fans and changed the course of hip-hop with the Sugarhill Gang's 1979 classic, Rapper's Delight."
599,"A girlfriend of Michael Phelps has revealed that she was born and brought up a man, reports said on Thursday. Taylor Lianne Chandler, who dated the 29-year-old US swimmer for months, wrote a long post on her Facebook page on Nov 14 in which she revealed that she was ""born intersex and named David Roy Fitch"" at birth."
600,Abuja (AFP) - Nigeria on Friday claimed to have reached a deal with Boko Haram militants on a ceasefire and the release of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls but doubts immediately surrounded the purported breakthrough.
601,"An explosion and crater reported near the capital of Nicaragua raised suspicions on Monday that a meteorite had split off from an asteroid that passed by Earth this weekend and struck our planet. But NASA scientists have now cast doubt on whether the blast outside Managua was even a meteorite at all. The blast left a hole 40 feet (12 meters) wide and 19 feet (5 meters) deep outside the international airport serving Nicaragua's capital. Some Nicaraguan astronomers quoted in early news reports attributed the blast to a chip off a weekend asteroid flyby. But outside meteorite experts later downplayed links to the small asteroid, dubbed 2014 RC, which passed harmlessly by Earth"
603,"A catholic priest from Masschussetts, who was reported dead for close to an hour before medics were able to revive him, has made a shocking revelation upon his return to life. The 71-years old priest, identified as, Father John Micheal O’neal, claims he went to heaven and met God, whom he describes as a warm and comforting motherly figure. ‘Her presence was both overwhelming and comforting, she had a soft and soothing voice and her presence was as reassuring as a mother’s embrace. ‘The fact that God is a Holy Mother instead of a Holy Father doesn’t disturb me,"
604,"Want to buy a private island previously owned by Tiger Woods? Hey, here’s your chance! The Telegraph reported Tuesday that Woods' former 62-acre island in Lake Malaren, Sweden, has been put on the market. The listing agent for Vladi Private Islands says the island, about an hour from Stockholm, features one golf hole in addition to a “mini mansion,” secluded villa, hunting lodge, private barber and landing strip for propeller planes. How convenient! “This island was owned by Tiger Woods,” the listing agent said, “but after his divorce he doesn’t need an island in Sweden anymore. This is"
607,"If we've learned anything in 2014, it's that teenagers are to be both feared and revered. In a profile published over at New York magazine, one 17-year-old New Yorker confirms that he made $72 million trading stocks during his lunch break at his high school. Someone please send help!!!! Mohammed Islam is the son of Bengali immigrants who live in Queens. He attends Stuyvesant High School in downtown Manhattan. And now he is richer than all of us by an unfathomable margin. The profile of Islam doesn't seem willing to explain where he got the money to begin investing (there is a mention of earning tutoring money when"
608,"James Foley, an American journalist who went missing in Syria more than a year ago, has reportedly been executed by the Islamic State, a militant group formerly known as ISIS. Video and photos purportedly of Foley emerged on Tuesday. A YouTube video -- entitled ""A Message to #America (from the #IslamicState)"" -- identified a man on his knees as ""James Wright Foley,"" and showed his execution."
609,"Video WONKET EXCLUSIVE MUST CREDIT WONKetTE! So you all saw the video, today or alllll the way back on Saturday, of a bunch of Dallas airport heroes tackling the fuck out of that violent homophobe guy. But you DID NOT know one of the heroes was Paul Rudd, because you are not Internet sleuth Sara Benincasa. This is even better than the time Ryan Gosling Hey Girled Laurie Penny from getting hit by a lorrie! So here is a thing, about this, for blogging. When we saw the video alllll the way back on Saturday, we said, “that is nice"
610,"On Friday, Esquire published an article titled “ESPN Has A Problem With Women” that suggests the network was planning to host a male-only panel discussion on domestic violence during this week’s “Monday Night Football” broadcast. The article begins: On Monday night, a panel on a two-hour pregame show for Monday Night Football will, among other things, address domestic abuse. This panel will discuss, once again, the appropriate penalty for hitting a woman. The panel for that discussion will include the following people: Chris Berman, Cris Carter, Mike Ditka, Adam Schefter, Tom Jackson, Keyshawn Johnson,"
611,"The man who is reported to have shot an assailant on Parliament Hill today is a former police officer with a background in providing security services for dignitaries, including members of the Royal Family."
612,A blundering Romeo who wanted to propose to his girlfriend with a big bang burnt down his college when fireworks he took to mark the event set fire to dry grass.
614,"Batman as Steve Jobs? Sure. How about that guy from Superbad as Woz, too? Seth Rogen has reportedly signed on to star as Steve Wozniak in the upcoming Steve Jobs film from Sony."
615,"""Eh-oh!"" A 19-year-old student is claiming that she (yes, she!) was the giggly baby sun that kids saw each week on the PBS show Teletubbies."
616,"Breaking news on Sunday morning reports that senior western intelligence officials confirm that the London rapper is the major suspect in the beheading of James Foley. The London rapper, Abdel Majed Abdel Bary, is the 23-year-old man believed to have beheaded Foley on the video that was seen worldwide last week, according to Fox News on Aug. 24. Bary, who was big into the London rap scene was heard on the BBC radio with his music, but he left London last year to go to Syria and fight with the ISIS. Bary is identified as one of the group that consists of at least three British-born"
618,"An animal charity attempts to trace the owner of a dog that was abandoned at a railway station with its belongings in a suitcase, but is told it was sold online in 2013."
620,"The World Health Organization and the Ministry of Health in Iraq made that clear in a statement late Monday, saying there are no suspected infections from the deadly virus in the country. That came after rumors spread online and through several media outlets on Dec. 31. Most of them cited anonymous medical sources in the city of Mosul, which has been under the control of Islamic State militants since June. The virus spreading through Iraq would have raised concerns for both the local population and American troops who recently began training the Iraqi military. According to the discredited reports, the virus was said to have been brought to Iraq by militants and other migrants coming to the country from"
621,"A Sept. 8 U.S. Department of Defense news article talking about the success of airstrikes in Iraq mentions a question from the media -- and answer -- about the leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi."
622,"Breaking! J.J. Abrams has reportedly approached Disney about moving up the Star Wars: The Force Awakens release date. This comes from the mouth of Abrams himself, addressing a group of attendees at a recent industry event, the 2015 Visual Effects Society Awards... this is awards season after-all."
623,"A delivery guy in Ann Arbor, Michigan, received a tip of $2,084 Thursday, when he delivered a single pizza to a conference of real estate agents. Agents from Keller Williams Realty had gathered for a regional conference, but decided to surprise the delivery guy, identified only as Rob, with a random act of kindness in the form of a massive tip for which they had all pitched in. Brian LeFevre, delivery manager at Ann Arbor’s Pizza House, told the AP that Rob was “ecstatic” with his big tip. “That’s a pretty good day’s work” for just one pizza, LeFe"
624,
625,Scottish people have some of the strongest stomachs in the world – but even they may struggle with a restaurant from cheese-obsessed North Korean lardball Kim Jong-Un.
626,"A shar-pei cross has been found abandoned at a railway station along with a suitcase with his belongings. The dog, named Kai, was tied to a railing outside Ayr station in Scotland. The Scottish SPCA (Scotland’s Animal Welfare Charity) is appealing for information. A statement from the SPCA said: ""Regardless of the act Kai was left with his belongings, this was a cruel incident and we are keen to identify the person responsible."" The suitcase held a number of the dog's belongings, including a pillow, toy, food bowl and food. Inspector Stewart Taylor said: ""The dog is microchipped and we were able to"
628,"In 1995 Adelaide residents Casey Dean, 14, and his mate Eduard Nitz, 13, stopped off at their local McDonald&rsquo;s to pick up some burgers. Only one escaped their teenage hunger... Two Australian men claim to have the oldest burger in the world - at a staggering 20 years old. In 1995 Adelaide residents Casey Dean, 14, and his mate Eduard Nitz, 13, stopped off at their local McDonald&rsquo;s to pick up some burgers. Among them was a Quarter Pounder with cheese they&rsquo;d bought for another kid. That kid never turned up, but they didn&rsquo;t eat his burger"
630,"Former Iraqi military officers who have joined Islamic State are training pilots to fly three captured Syrian military jets, a monitoring group said Friday. The officers, who served in the Iraqi military during the 24-year rule of Saddam Hussein, are conducting the training at the captured al-Jarrah military airport east of Aleppo in northern Syria, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said."
632,"Extremist group the Islamic State claims to have executed American journalist James Foley, who was abducted in Syria in 2012. The FBI is evaluating a video that was posted online Tuesday, purporting to show Foley's beheading. That video was uploaded to YouTube on Tuesday afternoon and later removed. The images show a man resembling Foley kneeling next to a masked militant, reciting comments against the U.S. before being killed. U.S. officials tell the Associated Press that Islamic State had recently threatened to kill Foley to avenge U.S. airstrikes that have helped Iraqi forces regain key sites, including the Mosul dam. The Islamic State also"
633,"Knightscope co-founder Stacy Stephens said rumors that its K5 security robots are roaming Microsoft's Silicon Valley campus are not true. Sorry to rain on the rumor mill's parade, but RoboCop-style robots are not patrolling Microsoft's Silicon Valley campus. The rumor took shape after California-based Knightscope showed off its K5 security robot at an event hosted at Microsoft, according to Knightscope co-founder and Vice President Stacy Stephens. ""So people started snapping photos,"" and all the sudden a number of news outlets were reporting the robots had been deployed at Microsoft's offices in Mountain View, Calif.,"
634,"A man in his mid-to-late 50s is reportedly slapping people in Cumbria, England, for sneezing in public. One of his most recent victims was an 82-year-old woman who sneezed on Tuesday."
636,"Eleven Iraqi police officers were taken to hospital after an ISIS chemical weapons attack, with the Defense Ministry and doctors recently confirming the gas as chlorine. This marks the first officially documented militant attack with the chemical. The Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) militants’ chlorine gas attack occurred on September 15, in the town of Duluiyah, located north of the capital, according to a Washington Post report. The blast followed an exchange of fire between the militants and the members of the Sunni Jabbour tribe, who were guarding the town’s borders. “It was a strange explosion. We saw yellow smoke in the sky,”"
638,"The town of Purdon, Texas was quarantined after a family of five there tested positive for the Ebola virus. <n> <n> FALSE Example: [Collected via email, October 2014] News report of family of 5 in Purdon, Texas tested positive for Ebola. Town is quarantined. Origins: On 14 October 2014, the National Report published an article claiming that the town of Purdon, Texas, had been quarantined after a local family of five tested positive for Ebola. Purdon is located 70 miles from Dallas, the city in which Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan died of the disease. Purdon is located 70 miles"
639,"The World Health Organization is looking into reports that ISIS fighters in Iraq have been showing up at hospitals with Ebola symptoms. According to the pro-government Iraqi newspaper al Sabaah, an unknown number of ISIS militants have shown up at a hospital in the militant-controlled city of Mosul, about 250 miles north of Baghdad. The paper reported that foreign terrorists brought the disease into Mosul from “several countries” in Africa. (RELATED: ISIS Massacred Every Man And Boy Over 15 In Muslim Town) It’s not yet clear whether the ISIS extremists actually have Ebola or another disease. Ebola symptoms include fever, vomiting, diarrhea and unexplained bleeding"
640,"Jordan's King Abdullah, a trained pilot, could lead revenge airstrikes on Islamic State himself, it has been revealed. The monarch may personally take part in bombing raids on extremist strongholds on Thursday, according to reports in Arabic-language newspapers. It comes after the former general told members of Congress that he was ready to exact a blistering revenge against the ISIS terror army for the brutal execution of military pilot Moaz al-Kassasbeh - and he quoted a Clint Eastwood movie character to make his point."
643,"When Apple unveiled the Apple Watch, the unveiled three different editions: the Apple Watch, the Apple Watch Sport, and the Apple Watch Edition. The latter model appears to be catered to those who are more interested in fashion and luxury as the watch will be given an 18-karat gold treatment. Sure, we guess it looks good but at the same time, have you ever wondered how much it will cost? Apple has declined to state a price of the Apple Watch Edition but according to the folks at TechCrunch, it is possible that the gold Apple Watch could retail for as much as $1,200. This is according Chad Rickicki, a watch"
645,"The Apple Watch will not be an accessory for your iPhone - but your iPhone will be an accessory for your Apple Watch, claims technology writer John Gruber, who expects the new wearable to cost upwards of $10,000 (£6,500/8,800). Due to go on sale in April, the Apple Watch will start at $349 for the basic Sport model with a rubber strap, but beyond that no one knows how much the stainless steel and 18-karat gold Edition models will cost. A debate between technology and wristwatch experts is under way to determine how far into uncharted water Apple is willing to sail. First, Stephen Foskett of Grail Watch chimed"
646,"Browse Mexico Missing latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Mexico Missing at abcnews.com"
648,Multiple news outlets including the Washington Post and the BBC were duped by a fake news site posing as Chinese public broadcaster CCTV. The Oct. 19 phony story was headlined
649,"A student has broken a 19-year silence and revealed she was the iconic sun baby in hit TV show Teletubbies. Jess Smith, from Chatham, Kent, was selected to be the giggling baby sun who looks over Teletubbyland when she was just nine months old."
650,"An Indian man had his penis cut off with a meat cleaver by a vigilante group, after attempting to rape a teenage girl. The 40-year-old rapist, Suresh Kumar, was beaten with sticks for about an hour before his genitals was cut off"
651,"Shane Smith, the chief executive of the provocative news and entertainment group, spent $300,000 for a dinner at the Prime Steakhouse at the Bellagio in Las Vegas during the International CES trade show in January."
652,"The Apple Watch might have been four years in the making and the most Jony Ive-centric Apple product yet — but the company didn’t get everything it was wishing for from the device. According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, Apple originally wanted its smartwatch to focus far more prominently on health-related innovations, only to be forced to go in another direction midway through the project. If Apple had had its way, the Apple Watch would have boasted smart sensors capable of tracking blood pressure, heart rate and even stress levels — but despite hiring top people from the biosensor industry, the technology didn’t work"
653,"US officials say 11 commercial aircraft have gone missing from Tripoli International Airport in Libya – ahead of the 13th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington. The airport was the scene of a fierce battle that ended on August 26, when fighters from the Islamic Fajr Libya (Dawn of Libya) coalition captured the airport and aircraft belonging to the state-owned Libyan Airlines and Afriqiyah Airways. Pictures from the airport in the aftermath of the fighting showed severely damaged and totally destroyed aircraft. Dawn of Libya was identified as a terrorist organisation by the Libyan government earlier this year. While the US State Department is down-playing the significance"
654,A man who was allegedly caught red-handed trying to rape a teenage girl in Rajasthan is in a critical condition in hospital after locals chopped off his genitals with a meat cleaver.
655,"Elon University in North Carolina banned the word ""freshman"" from its website and student orientation, claiming it's sexist and suggests that the young women might make good rape victims. It's replacing the term with ""first-year."" ""The term has often been felt to refer to the vulnerableness of young women in college for the first time,"" Leigh-Anne Royster, the school's ""Inclusive Community Wellbeing Director"" told the College Fix. ""Given the rates of sexual violence perpetrated against women on college campuses, it is useful to examine any use of a term that suggests that a group of people just entering"
657,"Update at 8:50 p.m. EDT The militant group that calls itself the Islamic State has released a video that purportedly shows the beheading of British aid worker David Haines. The authenticity of the video, which appeared online Saturday, has not been independently confirmed by NPR. The organization, also known as ISIS, had threatened to kill Haines just under two weeks ago, in an earlier video that showed the beheading of an American journalist. This weekend, Haines' family had issued a public plea to his captors through the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The family asked ISIS to make contact with them. Haines, an international aid worker,"
658,SALT LAKE CITY (AP) &acirc; A Utah man says he's fully recovered after he was hospitalized for chugging a quart of eggnog so quickly that he inhaled some of creamy holiday beverage into his lungs.
660,"The Apple Watch has been scheduled to begin shipping in April according to Apple’s CEO Tim Cook. Now presumably Apple might want to make some kind of announcement regarding the prices and the finalized specs of the device, and given that it is their first wearable, it doesn’t seem like a stretch."
662,"This is the moment the sleazy truth about a husband’s cheating ways was exposed to the world by his scorned wife. Ting Su, 29, caught husband Cheng naked in an underground carpark in China along with her twin..."
663,The man who jumped the White House fence Sept. 19 pushed his way past a female Secret Service agent before he was overpowered by a male agent in the building’s large East Room.
664,"Ahead of Monday's media event where Apple is expected to provide final details on the Apple Watch, a new report from TechCrunch details a hidden ""diagnostic port"" inside one of the channels on the Apple Watch where watch bands slip into place. While the port is currently used only for diagnostic purposes, the report argues it could be used in the future to interface with ""smart band"" accessories bringing additional functionality to the watch. The port has a 6-dot brass contact array inside the groove for the ‘bottom’ strap connector slot. Several sources have confirmed its existence and placement to me. It is very similar to the connector for the Lightning"
666,Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says Islamic State militants are not entering the U.S. through the southern border. Johnson was responding to a claim made by Rep.
667,"A Utah man was rushed to the hospital after he chugged a quart of eggnog in 12 seconds during a contest at an office holiday party, he said. ""Everyone knows I'm pretty competitive,"" Ryan Roche of Lehi, Utah, told ABC News today, explaining how his colleagues talked him into participating just as he was leaving the party with his family earlier this month. ""I just decided I was going to win. So I pretty much just opened it up and poured it down my throat,"" he said. Homemade Eggnog Can Kill Salmonella with Booze Roche, 33, said he shaved 10 seconds off the previous best time"
669,"Dim Xiong Chien is a 22-year-old college student studying at the Liaoning Advertisement Vocational College in the city of Shenyang in northeastern China. According to reports, earlier this week Chien organized a surprise proposal with fireworks for his girlfriend Cong Yen, but she never showed up. So he decided to set them off anyway, hoping she’d see the huge display. The whole plan literally went up in flames when the fireworks lit the grass on fire. Firefighters were called in to put out the 10-foot-tall flames. The school is currently debating how to punish Chien, but they told local reporters that luckily they were insured"
670,"Lebanese army detains wife and son of ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi as they crossed from Syria, security officials said on Monday. The Lebanese newspaper As-Safir reported the army detained her in coordination with ""foreign intelligence apparatus"". It said she had been travelling with a fake passport accompanied by one of her sons. The armed ISIL group has seized wide areas of Iraq and Syria, Lebanon's neighbour to the east, declaring a ""caliphate"" over the territory it controls. The Lebanese security forces have waged a crackdown on ISIL sympathisers in Lebanon and the intelligence services have been extra vigilant on the border crossings"
672,"Yesterday, Bleeding Cool had reported that one of the two batmobiles that are being used for “Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice,” was stolen in Detroit. Well Zack Snyder solved the case himself over Twitter. Snyder released this photo below, to make fun of that rumor and take a friendly shot at J.J. Abrams. The caption to the photo read: “Case closed.” These hilarious photos have been released throughout the shooting of both films (Batman v. Superman and Episode VII) by both directors, having a little fun with each other and using Twitter to do so. Earlier this year, we have seen a"
674,"A satirical website has poked fun at the Chinese practice of choosing alternative English names, in a report urging citizens to think carefully before making their decision. The site, which is done in the style of the state-owned CCTV website, warns people against picking a name that could cause offence, or simply make no sense at all. Many Chinese people prefer to use an English name, particularly if they conduct business with the West. But the satirical site suggests people should avoid fictional characters, names with the potential for sexual innuendo, or random words like Dragon, Fish or Lawyer, which could come back and haunt you ""if you want a call"
676,"Some real estate agents really know how to tip. A Michigan pizza delivery driver got the shock of his life Thursday after receiving a $2,000 tip for delivering a pizza to a group of realtors, the Detroit Free Press reported."
677,"Armed US drones, reportedly hunting for Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, were spotted flying over Syrian airspace where the jihadists have stronghold, reports suggest."
678,"An Islamic State message said the American woman, Kayla Mueller, was killed when the building where she was being held in the Raqqa area collapsed in an airstrike."
682,There has been a shooting at the War Memorial on Parliament Hill. Unconfirmed reports say a soldier was shot.
683,"A US journalist held by al-Qaeda in Yemen is killed by militants during an operation to rescue him, US and Yemeni officials tell the New York Times."
684,"I don't know if you heard, but supposedly an actual Batmobile was stolen from the set of Batman v Superman yesterday. Seriously. No official word has come down from the powers that be with the film, until Zack Snyder's latest Star Wars tease. Strange that GCPD cracked the case before Batman did. Maybe he was just boosting their egos. [related-Category] We want to hear from you! As always leave us your thoughts and opinions in the comments below! Want more Batman? Download the Fansided.com app for more Batman news! Don't forget to like Caped Crusades on Facebook and"
686,"Brian Williams took a moment during Monday's edition of NBC Nightly News to address a very important issue. As the anchor said, social media, as well as a few news websites, owes meteorologist Mike Seidel an ""apology"" after some ""wild misinformation"" circulated about what he was doing during a live appearance with Lester Holt over the weekend. Williams explained that Seidel has lost communication with the NBC station and couldn't hear Holt through his earpiece so he turned his back to the camera, took off his gloves and redialed his phone to connect for the segment. ""That's when the rumors hit the web that"
687,"Robots are increasingly replacing humans in a variety of mundane tasks, like bolting a car together or making lollipops, but now they are moving into the security business."
688,"The Islamic State terror group has burned the corpses of five of its fighters due to the belief that they had contracted the deadly Ebola virus, according to an Iraqi health official who told Kurdish paper Rudaw. “The Islamic State organization incinerated five militants infected with Ebola to prevent further spread of the disease in Mosul (Iraq),” said Faisal Ghazi, who is part of Iraq’s Health Committee in its council of ministries. He added, “ISIS had proof that these militants were infected with Ebola.” On New Year’s Day, Breitbart News reported that multiple Iraqi and Kurdish news outlets had claimed that Islamic State fighters in Mosul,"
689,"The mystery surrounding North Korea's erratic young leader, Kim Jong Un, only deepens by the day. He has not been seen publicly in more than a month. Rumors are flying that Kim is ill with gout, diabetes, even possible problems with his ankles. Now, a group of defectors say they believe Kim's younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, may be running the country while he recuperates. The North Korea Intellectuals' Solidarity, a think-tank run by defectors, says Kim Yo Jong may be at least temporarily leading the government. The group has not revealed the source of its information,"
690,"Apple’s next-generation MacBook Air, which is expected to come with a 12-inch screen, will have a “radically new design” that will abandon traditional specifications to produce a noticeably thinner and lighter device compared to the current 11-inch model, according to a report."
691,"Update: The original source of the story, Bloomberg now adds that the face of Michelle Obama was not blurred by the State TV. It quotes several journalists from within Saudi Arabia covering the event, adding that the State TV in fact did not blur the face of the First Lady anyway. According to Nail al-Jubeir, information director at the Saudi Embassy in Washington, the blurring isn’t real. “Saudi TV has been showing the total arrival ceremony at the airport and at the Palace and nowhere is anything blurred.” CNN correspondent Hala Gorani also tweeted out that the Saudi TV in fact did not blur Michelle Obama’s face."
692,"A video shared online made it seem as if Vladimir Putin got some unwelcome love from a feathered friend Sunday during a speech unveiling a monument to Russians who served in World War I. Putin was speaking about the sacrifice made by Russian soldiers in World War I, linking the Great War to his own current political troubles. “This tragedy reminds us what happens when aggression, selfishness and the unbridled ambitions of national leaders and political establishments push common sense aside, so that instead of preserving the world’s most prosperous continent, Europe, they lead it towards danger,” he said. “It is worth remembering this today.” Correction appended A video shared online made"
693,(KTVI)- An audio recording that allegedly captures the gunshots that killed Michael Brown has been released to CNN. On the tape is the voice of a Ferguson man talking during a video chat.
694,UNCONFIRMED reports indicate a US journalist held captive in Iraq has been beheaded as a &ldquo;message&rdquo; to President Obama to end air strikes.
695,Four bodies have been found at the suspected massacre site of missing students.
696,"Last night, @FoxNewsPress, the Twitter account claiming to be that of the Fox News public relations team, went live. One big problem: It's a fake. They had one mission, they declared: The team at @FoxNews have set up this account to manage and dispel all false facts attributed to us through the #foxnewsfacts trend. — Fox News Press Team (@FoxNewsPress) January 12, 2015 The hashtag refers to a meme that blew up after a Fox contributor declared that certain British cities had been swallowed whole by Muslim immigrants. “In Britain, it’s not just no-go zones,"
698,Amazon boss Jeff Bezos is primed and ready for a fresh assault on the streaming-video space. The e-commerce giant will roll out a new ad-supported streaming offering early next year that will be separate fro...
699,"You can purchase a lot of things for $800 million. Ten Matthew McConaughey's, eighty-billion pieces of penny candy, my dignity. But the one thing it can't buy: a Led Zeppelin reunion. Also, a cure for AIDS, probably, but also the Led Zeppelin thing. Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones agreed to a ""35 dates in three cities"" tour, but Robert Plant was having none of it, and like a poorly written character in an Aaron Sorkin script, he literally ripped up a contract. [Plant] and the other living founding members of legendary hard-rock band Led Zeppelin were about to"
701,"Shortly before North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un came to power, a directive was issued to force anyone sharing his name to change it, according to an internal document obtained by South Korean TV station KBS, The Guardian reported Wednesday."
702,"Mexico's attorney general says DNA tests have shown that 28 bodies found in a mass grave are not those of a missing group of students, as 14 more police officers are arrested."
703,"Iraq's Interior Ministry said on Wednesday that a woman detained by Lebanese authorities was not the wife of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, but the sister of a man convicted of bombings in southern Iraq."
704,"With Christian Bale already secured to play the lead in Aaron Sorkin's highly anticipated Steve Jobs biopic, Seth Rogen's has now been added to the list of potential cast-members. The 32-year-old actor is reportedly talks to portray Steve Wozniak - who created the Apple I computer and co-created the Apple II computer in the 1970s - according to The Wrap. Hollywood actress Jessica Chastain - who is currently starring alongside Matthew McConaughey in Christopher Nolan's Interstellar - is also being courted for a role in the film, simply entitled Jobs. Scroll down for video Return of the Mac: Seth Rogen, left,"
706,"Arrived in the convent of Macerata in June last year, the religious is of South American origin. But the abbess denied: ""No sister gave birth to a child."" A young cloistered nun, of Bolivian origin and 35 years, gave birth to a baby at the hospital Bartolomeo Eustachio San Severino Marche (Macerata). When she arrived at the hospital, brought by the sisters worried about his health, complained a strong stomach ache. Performed the ultrasound, the truth was immediately clear and the nun, Sunday, was transferred in obstetrics, where a few hours after she gave birth to"
707,"A photo recently uploaded online in China showing someone reportedly working on an array of mobile phones has gone viral overnight, as it gives a glimpse into China's app-ranking manipulation factory, reports Tencent Technology. In the photo posted on to China's Weibo microblog, a woman with about a hundred iPhones placed before her appears to be giving out fake ratings to apps by going phone by phone. About a hundred fake ratings, which have the potential to affect the top lists of Apple's App Store, can be created within an hour or two. Apple has had adopted a number of measures to crackdown on fake downloads and cheating"
708,"Apple on Tuesday unveiled its new Apple Watch, providing a number of details on the highly anticipated device but declining to address one critical issue: battery life. According to information obtained by Re/code, Apple's new Watch will require daily charging, keeping the device in line with similar smart watches from Samsung and Motorola. “There’s a lot of new technology packed into Apple Watch and we think people will love using it throughout the day,” Kerris said. “We anticipate that people will charge nightly which is why we designed an innovative charging solution that combines our MagSafe technology and inductive charging.” Sources tell Re/code that Apple"
709,"A hoax story about street artist Banksy being arrested in Watford has duped internet users. US website National Report alleged the Metropolitan Police had held the elusive graffiti artist after he was traced by a ""24-hour Anti-Graffiti Task Force"". It claimed his art studio in the capital had been raided and “thousands of dollars of counterfeit money along with future projects of vandalism” found. The story also said documents identified the anonymous artist as 35-year-old Paul Homer, from Liverpool. He was said to be in custody “without bail on charges of vandalism, conspiracy, racketeering and counterfeiting”. However, Scotland Yard confirmed the"
712,"Danny Boyle is directing the untitled film Seth Rogen is being eyed to play Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in Sony’s Steve Jobs biopic. Danny Boyle is directing the untitled film, based on Walter Isaacson's book and adapted by Aaron Sorkin, which is one of the most anticipated biopics in recent years. Negotiations have not yet begun, and it’s not even clear if Rogen has an official offer, but the producers — Scott Rudin, Guymon Casady and Mark Gordon — have set their sights on the talent and are in talks. Of course, this may all be for naught as Christian Bale"
713,"The alleged Vogue rat problem has metastasized into a rat king, if you believe Gawker's latest update. According to its source, the rats are basically holding a Friendsgiving in the fashion closet, nibbling away at shoe boxes, noshing on taffeta, and leaving droppings everywhere. (Sorry.) Per the report, it sounds like the staffers may be victims of their own highfalutin-design preferences; due to architectural changes requested by Anna Wintour and Condé Nast prior to the move-in date, the little suckers may have gotten in through the vents."
714,"Canadian national and former Israel Defense Forces (IDF) soldier Gill Rosenberg, 31, revealed to the Israeli media earlier this month that she had traveled to Iraq to help the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) fight off ISIS."
715,"MANAGUA, Nicaragua (AP) &acirc; Nicaragua's government said Sunday that a mysterious boom heard overnight in the capital was made by a small meteorite that left a crater in a wooded area near Managua's airport. Government spokeswoman Rosario Murillo said a committee formed by the government to study the event determined it was a &quot;relatively small&quot; meteorite that &quot;appears to have come off an asteroid that was passing close to Earth.&quot; The crater left by the meteorite had a radius of 12 meters (39 feet) and a depth of 5 meters (16 feet), said Humber"
716,"The man who broke into the White House two weeks ago was able to make his way far into the property before being tackled in the East Room -- the room where President Obama and many other presidents have made some of their most important announcements, a law enforcement official confirmed today to ABC News. The development calls into question the narrative originally released by the Secret Service, which had suggested that Omar Gonzalez, 42, of Texas, had been taken into custody near the front doors of the White House after jumping the fence and running more the 100 yards into the national landmark. WATCH: White House Fence Jumper Arrested White House Fence Jumper Omar Gonzalez Had 800"
718,"Amazon is going to open a brick-and-mortar store in New York City in time for holiday shopping, The Wall Street Journal reports. The Journal's sources say the store will be located in Manhattan on 34th Street, across from the Empire State Building, and will give Amazon a way to connect with customers in the physical world. The store would reportedly function like a mini-warehouse, with inventory for same-day delivery in New York City, and would also act as a hub for product returns, exchanges, and pickup of online orders. Sources also said that Amazon might use the space to showcase products like its new Kindle"
719,"In North Korea, no one can have the same name as supreme leader Kim Jong Un. According to reports, North Korea previously banned anyone from sharing the name Jong Un. Newborns cannot be given the name, and citizens who bore it before the ban were required to assume new names. South Korean media outlets including KBS and Yonhap News Agency said the name ban was contained in a directive from 2011 which was issued months before Kim Jong Un came to power and was only recently leaked outside North Korea. The leaked document said that “all party organs and public security authorities” should identify residents who shared the supreme leader's name and"
720,"DNA tests have confirmed that a daughter and an ex-wife of the head of Isis, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, are indeed being held by Lebanese authorities. There have been conflicting reports about the identity of the woman, with an Iraqi official denying on Wednesday she was al-Baghdadi's ex wife."
721,"On Monday's edition of CNN Tonight, host Don Lemon released audio allegedly recorded in the Canfield apartment complex at the exact time of Michael Brown's death on Aug. 9. The audio features a man speaking via video chat about unrelated topics (""You are pretty,"" he says at one point). The recording is regarded as such an important piece of evidence, however, because one can clearly hear at least 10 gunshots ring out over the course of the 12-second file -- first a group of six shots, then four more. The man's attorney, Lopa Blumenthal, appeared on CNN to discuss the tape: ""I"
722,"When Tim Cook finally announced the long-awaited Apple Watch on September 9, the company promised an “early 2015” release. Since then, it’s really been anybody’s guess as to when, exactly, that might end up being."
723,"Three senior members of the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) - including an aide to its leader - were killed in a U.S. airstrike in Iraq, a senior Iraqi security official told NBC News Thursday. The strike on the ISIS stronghold of Mosul killed Abu Hajar Al-Sufi, an aide to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, as well as an explosives operative and the military leader of nearby Tel Afar, the source said on condition of anonymity."
724,"Forget sweater weather and crisp autumn leaves; these days, the true arrival of fall seems marked by the arrival of Starbucks' infamous pumpkin spice latte -- at least on the social media sphere. This year, a rumor surfaced that the sticky sweet craze had spawned an entirely different pumpkin spice-flavored item: condoms, made by Durex. Because safe sex is important, no matter what season it is.  #pumpkinspice pic.twitter.com/kzHSBgw87a — IG:Bennett Kulcsar (@BennettKulcsar) September 8, 2014 The company did not immediately confirm or deny the existence of the product"
725,A Judd Nelson death hoax struck on Sunday as a FOX News impostor website posted a false report stating that the “Brat Pack” actor was found dead in his condo. It was all a hoax. Judd Nelson is not dead.
726,"Iraqi group ISIS beheaded American photo-jornalist James Wright Foley, releasing gruesome pictures and video to the internet on Tuesday. Foley had been missing after being captured in Syria in 2012 while working freelance for AFP. A group called Free James Foley had been dedicated to finding and saving Foley since his disappearance. The search met its devastating end on Tuesday when the Iraqi group issued video proof of his murder, and threatened more to come: The Daily Beast reports that Time journalist Steven Sotloff is also shown in the video, and that ISIS threatens he will be next if the U.S. doesn't cease and desist its operations"
727,"The TV streaming services market may be on the verge of the biggest change yet given reports HBO and Apple may be talking about an exclusive partnership that would leave Netflix, Amazon and every other market player scrambling to make similar moves to grow subscription base and push TV boxes and sticks into consumer hands."
729,"Sources say the actor came to the conclusion he was not right for the part and decided to withdraw Christian Bale will not be Steve Jobs after all. Sources tell The Hollywood Reporter that the actor has fallen off the Jobs biopic that is being directed by Danny Boyle. The Sony project, which has a script by Aaron Sorkin and is being produced by Scott Rudin, Guymon Casady and Mark Gordon, was on track to begin shooting this winter for a quick turnaround. Boyle is due in town this week to meet with actors and actresses for the movie. Seth Rogen is in discussions to play Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, but no"
730,"Glenn Beck on Wednesday expressed fear that the 11 jets reportedly seized by radical Islamist groups in Libya over the past month could be used to cause extraordinary damage to the United States, even if the jets never leave the Middle East. How? Extremists could crash the planes into the oil fields in any of the oil-rich countries on which the U.S. is dependent. Beck was speaking with Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) about the jets when Bachmann remarked: “There’s really two concerns. One, the planes could be used in a similar way that they were used on 9/11 in the United States. They"
731,"Thousands of social media users are distributing an unverified photo which claims to show the body of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi after he was purportedly killed by US airstrikes after three senior members of ISIS, including an aide to al-Baghdadi were also killed by US air strikes. Talking to NBC News, a senior Iraqi official confirmed the deaths on Thursday. The strike on the ISIS stronghold of Mosul killed Abu Hajar al-Sufi, an aide to al-Baghdadi, as well as an explosives operative and the military leader of nearby Tal Afar, the source said. Al Arabiya cited the Iraqi Defence"
732,"Sheikh Mohammed Saleh al-Munajjid says ‘it is not permitted to make a statue out of snow, even by way of play and fun’"
734,"Robert Plant didn’t have a whole lotta love for this deal. He and the other living founding members of legendary hard-rock band Led Zeppelin were about to ink an $800 million contract with Virgin Atlantic billionaire Richard Branson to play a reunion tour, but the iconic band’s singer ripped the contract to shreds in the final moments, a report said."
737,"Amazon.com announced plans for its first brick-and-mortar store, Dow Jones reported. It will open on 34th Street in Manhattan across the street from the Empire State Building, just in time for this year's holiday season. The experimental pop-up store will function as a small warehouse, holding limited inventory for same-day deliveries only in New York. The store may also host tech showcases for items such as Kindle e-readers, Fire phones and Fire TVs. A customer may order an item online and then pick it up that same day in the store. Amazon stock was down 2 percent in midafternoon trading Thursday"
738,"Josh Paler Lin, a YouTube star whose channel has more than 700,000 subscribers, decided that he wanted to try a social experiment. Testing the belief that all homeless people would spend money on alcohol, Lin gave a homeless man $100 and followed him around with a camera to see what he would do with the money."
740,"A picture began making the rounds on the internet this weekend that caused all basic girls to clutch their North Faces with joy. Could it be? A pumpkin spice condom to fit their pumpkin spice life? I literally can’t get too EXCITED. A Durex spokesperson told BuzzFeed that the festive protection is, in fact, not real. “Durex has heard that people are saying we launched a ‘Pumpkin Spice’ condom. We can’t claim this one, but we do love it when people spice it up in the bedroom,” the spokesperson said. Durex DOES have banana, strawberry, orange, and apple"
741,A Utah man who chugged a quart of eggnog in 12 seconds to win a restaurant gift card said he was also awarded with a three-day stay in the hospital.
742,"Two Republican lawmakers told BuzzFeed News Wednesday suspected terrorists have infiltrated the U.S.–Mexico border and as many as 10 fighters have been captured, but Homeland Security officials deny any such thing has happened. Rep. Jason Chaffetz, a Republican from Utah, said four alleged terror suspects were captured on Sept. 10 in Texas. In an interview Wednesday, Chaffetz said the men flew from a Middle Eastern country to Mexico City, where they paid a smuggler to take them to and across the border. From there, the men ended up in a safe house for immigrants. They were en route to New York City, Cha"
743,Shocking video taken from inside an Afghanistan war zone reveals a Marine's unbelievable brush with death when a Taliban sniper's bullet hits him directly in the head as a fellow soldier's helmet cam catches it all. The soldier survived to fight again following the 2013 insurgent ambush in the Now Zad District of Helmand Province thanks to his Kevlar-reinforced helmet. It's a terrifying first-hand look at how close U.S. forces come to disaster each day as wars rage abroad. Shocking video: A group of Marines fighting in the Now Zad District of Helmand Province in Afghanistan were ambushed by insurgents when a sniper
744,"If North Korea's Supreme Leader, Kim Jong-un, is not running the Hermit Kingdom, then who is? That presumes, of course, that the 30-something leader has run into serious health problems, physical or political, and no one yet knows that for sure -- only that he has remained out of public view for five weeks."
748,"Yes, we wished it were true too, but no, Fox News are not angrily responding on Twitter to the hilarious #FoxNewsFacts hashtag Yes, we’ve all been having a good laugh at Fox News’ expense for hosting a “terrorism expert” saying that everybody in Birmingham is a Muslim and the entire city is a no-go area. Especially on Twitter, where the #FoxNewsFacts hashtag has been a brilliantly British response to the ludicrous statement. And then suddenly it looked like Fox News had got rather upset about the hashtag, and started responding from @FoxNewsPress. Except, not really."
752,"The Apple Watch may be coming to your local Apple Store sooner than you think. According to 9to5Mac, the highly anticipated wearable could arrive in the United States by the end of March. The company is planning on familiarizing its Apple Store employees with the wearable product through training programs held in Cupertino, California, and Austin, Texas, in sessions scheduled for Feb. 9 through Feb. 16. The employees who attend this conference will then train employees at their local stores. Apple declined to comment to CNBC Tuesday evening. Since its introduction in September, the Apple Watch has gone through extensive testing. In particular, Apple is refining the"
754,"A statement attributed to the Islamic State group claimed that an American female hostage was killed in a Jordanian airstrike on Friday on the outskirts of the northern Syrian city of Raqqa, the extremist group’s main stronghold."
755,"Less than two weeks after Aaron Sorkin said that Christian Bale would play Steve Jobs in the screenwriter's forthcoming biopic about the late Apple co-founder, Bale has dropped from the project."
756,"Gill Rosenberg, the Canadian Israeli volunteer fighting with Kurdish forces, posted on Facebook on Monday night that she was ""safe and secure"" and not captured by ISIS guerillas, as had been widely reported in the media."
757,"PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. -- A journeyman professional golfer who has spent time recently giving lessons and caddying said in a radio interview that Tiger Woods has been suspended for a month by the PGA Tour -- a claim that the PGA Tour and Woods' agent vehemently deny."
759,"Claim: Actor Macaulay Culkin has died. FALSE Example: [Collected via Twitter, November 2014] Breaking News: Macaulay Culkin Found Dead at Age 34 Origins: On 6 November 2014, an online rumor claimed actor Macaulay Culkin, best known for his roles in the 1990s Home Alone films, had died. That rumor was based on a Facebook hoax memorial page set up for the star: At about 11 a.m. ET on Thursday (November 06, 2014), our beloved actor Macaulay Culkin passed away. Macaulay Culkin was born on August 26, 1980 in New York. He will be missed"
760,"Let's face it: Many of us hesitate to hand money to the homeless, concerned they will spend it in ways we'd consider unwise. But one man put that belief to the test... and his surprising new video showing what happened after he gave a homeless man $100 has already racked up over 10 million views on YouTube. Josh Paler Lin, whose YouTube channel has more than 711,000 subscribers and usually features pranks, thought he'd try a social experiment: Give a homeless man money, then follow him in secret to see what he'd do with it. And sure enough, the man's first stop was"
761,"An Australian man had a spider removed from his stomach after it burrowed its way into his body and survived for three days before being removed. Dylan Maxwell was on holidays on the Indonesian island of Bali when the tiny creature borrowed through a small appendix scar and traveled up his torso, leaving a red scar-like trail from his navel to his chest."
763,"Following reports of Islamic State militants using chlorine gas to attack Iraqi security officials in Duluiyah, the United States has ordered a probe into the matter. The National Security Council is reportedly in touch with Iraqi officials to gather more information into the chemical attack. According to a Washington Post report, on 15 September at 4:20 pm, 11 Iraqi police officers were rushed into the hospital emergency room in Balad. ""Some struggled to stand; tears streamed from their eyes,"" the report noted. The attack took place at Duluiyah where the security personnel, members of the Sunni Jabbour tribe, were guarding a line in the north of the"
767,Head of Nasa's Meteoroid Environment Office says meteor capable of creating 39ft-wide crater would have created a ball of flame visible over a wide area
769,"The baby in the popular children's TV show Teletubbies has finally revaled herself as a university student. Jess Smith, 19, was just nine months old when she became one of the most familiar faces on British television in March 1997."
772,"Vox.com, the brainy news-explainer site, has announced that it fell for one of the Internet's many tricks. Allow it to explain: Correction: This post originally presented the video of a bird pooping on Putin as real, but comparison with Russian news footage from the event shows it to be a hoax. Putin's unintentionally ironic speech decrying ""excessive ambitions in war,"" though, was very real. Right here is where a media critic generally hammers the offender for naivete, stupidity and a failure to observe reportorial protocol. All of which applies to this instance, but hey, that fake"
773,"U.S. officials suspect that one of the five Taliban detainees released from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl has attempted to return to terrorism, CNN reported Thursday."
775,"Media outlets have identified ""Jihadi John"" - the suspect featuring in several Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant beheading videos - as Mohammed Emwazi from London. The Washington Post newspaper named Emwazi and said he was a Briton from a well-to-do family who grew up in West London and graduated from college with a degree in computer programming. The BBC later said it too had learned that Emwazi was the suspect in question. Police declined to comment on the reports. ""We are not going to confirm the identity of anyone at this stage or give an update on the progress of this live counterterrorism investigation,"" said Commander"
776,SIS has developed a new weapon in Iraq designed to strike fear among its victims. The militant group is launching bombs with live scorpions as the militants blast towns and villages.
777,"Mexican hitmen allegedly killed more than a dozen students who went missing last month after a clash with corrupt local police, then buried them in a recently-discovered mass grave. State prosecutors in the country said a man they arrested told how 17 of the missing youths were rounded up and killed, then thrown in pits, where badly charred remains have now been unearthed. Authorities said that the man told them how the students, who went missing after a violent clash on September 26, were marched to the site on the outskirts of Iguala, Guerrero state before their deaths."
779,"An open letter from Lego to parents about gender equality in 1974 is proving to be just as powerful for today's generation. The egalitarian message was included in a select number of Lego doll house products sold 40 years ago. It since been shared by thousands online after a picture was posted on Twitter. The note, calling for parents to look past gender stereotypes, says: “The urge to create is equally strong in all children. Boys and girls.” While many sceptics questioned the authenticity of the text, Lego confirmed it is indeed genuine. The letter came with a Lego doll house product sold in 1974 Photo: Lego “The"
780,"As the secretive state’s leader remains out of the public eye, analysts wonder if Kim Yo-jong has assumed the leadership When Kim Yo-jong, was introduced to the public as a “senior official of the party central committee” in March, analysts speculated that she could one day become North Korea’s most powerful woman. Now, as the country’s leader remains conspicuously absent from public life, it has been suggested that Kim Jong-un’s younger sister may have stepped up to help him manage the daily affairs of leadership while he battles a bout of ill health. Along with Kim’s wife, the former singer"
781,Turkey's president has said it was wrong for the United States to deliver military supplies to Kurdish fighters defending the Syrian city of Kobane after some of the weapons ended up in ISIS' hands
782,"Horrific video of American freelance photo-journalist James Wright Foley, 40, being beheaded by ISIS in revenge for US airstrikes in Iraq was posted to the internet Tuesday afternoon. Foley, has been missing since November, 2012, after being taken hostage at gunpoint while reporting from Taftanaz, in northern Syria, for the agency, GlobalPost. ISIS posted the extremely graphic video shot at an unknown location, titled 'A Message to America' to social media as proof of their barbaric actions. In a chilling warning at the end of grisly film, the executioner, who has what sounds like a British accent, paraded another American journalist"
787,A guru who ordered 400 of his followers to undergo castrations he said would bring them closer to God is under investigation by police in India. The country's top crime fighting agency registered a case against Gurmeet Ram Rahim - known as the 'guru in bling' for his penchant for garish clothes and jewellery - over the operations at his ashram. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) said Rahim is being investigated for criminal intimidation and causing grievous bodily hurt after an alleged 400 castrations were carried out. Scroll down for video 'Guru in bling': Gurmeet Ram Rahim is being probed by India's Central
788,"The fashion bible’s got a decidedly unglamorous rat problem. The new 1 World Trade Center offices of Vogue magazine are infested with rodents and editor-in-chief Anna Wintour is not happy, according..."
789,"Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, the slain gunman in Wednesday's shooting at the Ottawa War Memorial and Parliament Buildings, had a criminal record in Quebec and British Columbia."
790,"The Apple Watch will not be an accessory for your iPhone - but your iPhone will be an accessory for your Apple Watch, claims technology writer John Gruber, who expects the new wearable to cost upwards of $10,000 (£6,500/8,800). Due to go on sale in April, the Apple Watch will start at $349 for the basic Sport model with a rubber strap, but beyond that no one knows how much the stainless steel and 18-karat gold Edition models will cost. A debate between technology and wristwatch experts is under way to determine how far into uncharted water Apple is willing to sail. First, Stephen Foskett of Grail Watch chimed"
793,Mates Casey Dean and Eduard Nitz wish a happy 20th birthday to a Quarter Pounder they bought from McDonald's in 1995.
794,"Say it 'aint so! Last week we told you about a YouTube prank that saw a homeless man get $100, only to turn around and spend the money on his peers. However, we're hearing reports that Josh Paler Lin's inspiring video may be nothing more than a well-filmed prank!"
795,"A story is currently circulating about a teacher from Santiago del Estero, Argentina, named Lucita Sandoval who allegedly made a sex tape with a 16-year-old student, which then leaked on WhatsApp. British tabloids like the Daily Mail picked up the story, going so far as to write that there would be a criminal investigation and that this isn’t the first time Sandoval has had sexual relations with a student. The only issue with all of these sites covering the story of Lucita Sandoval, however, is that almost none of it is true, as Gawker points out. Local Santiago del Estero newspaper Nuevo Diario debunked"
796,"Apple Watch owners may never need to worry about being outbid in an eBay auction again, as a new job listing posted by the Internet auctioneer suggests advanced development of a bespoke Apple Watch app."
797,"A Chinese couple who can't afford live-saving medical treatment for their sick daughter are trying to sell their son on the street to raise money for her chemotherapy. Meng Xiangyan, 29, said that with certain death awaiting their daughter unless she receives medical treatment, she and her husband were prepared to sell their daughter's twin brother to a good home so that both would have a chance of life. Pictures show her standing on Weihai Road in Qingdao, in China's eastern Shandong province, with a placard offering to sell him to the highest bidder. Meng Xiangyan pictured with her son as she tries to sell him on the"
798,"TOKYO — North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been hospitalized after surgery on both ankles earlier this month, a South Korean newspaper reported. Kim cracked bones in his ankles after neglecting an injury sustained during field supervisions in June, the Chosun Ilbo said, citing a recent visitor to North Korea it didn’t identify. The person said Kim had surgery and is recovering at Bongwha Clinic, an exclusive hospital for high-ranking party members, according to the newspaper. Kim has not been seen in public in almost a month and missed a session of parliament on Sept. 25 for the first time since coming to power almost three"
800,"Well, here's the creepiest thing you'll read all day. Australian Dylan Thomas found a tropical spider burrowed UNDER his skin after returning from a trip to Bali. Thomas said that he noticed a strange mark on his stomach while vacationing on the Indonesian island. The mark started to grow, literally crawling across his body, as the spider explored the area underneath Thomas' skin. Thomas went to the hospital in Bali and was told that he was probably bitten by an insect. The doctors gave him some medicine and sent him on his way. Well, that didn't exactly solve the problem. Over the next three days the"
803,"A goldfish lover from Norfolk paid hundreds of pounds in vets' fees when his pet became constipated. The owner took his ailing fish to Toll Barn Veterinary Centre in North Walsham where vets told him it was constipated and an operation would cost about £300. Vet Faye Bethell used anaesthetised water to knock out the goldfish before removing the blockages. ""At the end of the day they're all pets and everybody does have a commitment to their pet,"" Miss Bethell said. ""[The goldfish] was constipated because he had a lump blocking his bottom, rather than because of his diet or any other reason"
804,"Macaulay Culkin is dead? The Home Alone actor was the victim of a celebrity death hoax this week. A fake news story was published at a fake website this week claiming that Macaulay Culkin was found dead at his apartment. The fake news story reads: “Sources are reporting that Macaulay Culkin, best known for his role as Kevin McCallister in Home Alone and sequel Home Alone 2: Lost in New York, has been found dead at the age of 34.” This led to an “RIP Macaulay Culkin” Facebook page and numerous tweets from people mourning the loss of the world’s greatest child actor. But"
805,"An Indian man who was caught trying to rape a teenage girl is in a critical condition in hospital after locals chopped off his genitals with a meat cleaver. Suresh Kumar was set upon in Ganganagar, in India's northwestern Rajasthan state, after locals heard the girl's screams for help. After finding the 40-year-old pinning the girl against a wall, a lynch mob dragged him to a butchers shop where they beat him with sticks for an hour before castrating him. Suresh Kumar is left bleeding and in shock after being beaten and castrated after locals in Ganganagar, in India's northwestern Rajasthan"
807,"Under the scheme people found with small amounts of cannabis would be issued with a court summons but would not be handcuffed or taken to a police station for fingerprinting, according to The New York Times"
808,"A Catholic priest from Massachusetts was officially dead for more than 48 minutes before medics were able to miraculously re-start his heart. During that time, Father John"
812,"McDonald’s will not stop serving overweight customers starting January 1, 2015. A fake article was published on the mostly fake news site DailyBuzzLive.com. Here’s the disclaimer: “A few stories are works of complete fiction."
815,"HBO Now, as it's allegedly being called, would cost $15/month and open up access to HBO's film and TV titles to distributors like Apple TV and Roku. Last year, HBO announced that it would finally unbundle its streaming services from cable in 2015, and the HBO Now launch could be signals that HBO is making good on that promise. Presumably, the HBO Now launch must navigate the complexities of HBO's longstanding relationship with cable carriers—Time Warner, HBO's parent company, reportedly makes 70% of its profits from cable subscriptions. But if the current negotiations with Apple are successful, the Now service could be HBO"
816,"A previously unverified audio recording that allegedly captures the final moments of Michael Brown's life has been verified as authentic, according to the video streaming application it was recorded on. A resident living in the apartment complex where Brown was killed was using a video messaging app called Glide at the time of the shooting and unwittingly captured the sound of gunfire, according to a lawyer representing the resident, whose identity has not been released. The recording suggests nearly a dozen shots were fired in an altercation between Brown, who was unarmed at the time, and Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson. According to Glide the recording was created at 12:02 p.m. CT"
817,"It's been more than a month since North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un's last public appearance. In the last 36 days, rumors have swirled, increasing in bizarre factor with each absent day -- gout, diabetes, ankle problems, cheese-induced illness, etc."
818,NOTHING tops off a holiday in Bali like discovering there is a spider burrowing under your skin. Bunbury local Dylan Thomas&rsquo; first trip to Bali last weekend was complete with a visit to the Bali International Medical Centre to have a tropical spider pulled out of his stomach.
819,"Armies have always been vulnerable to epidemic disease. And in the Middle East, history may be repeating itself. There have been reports:... that Islamic State militants in Mosul have contracted Ebola And: World Health Organization officials said they haven't confirmed the cases, but the organization has reached out to offer assistance. If there is disease, spreading in epidemic fashion in Mosul it may not necessarily be Ebola since:... Ebola symptoms — nausea and vomiting, diarrhea, bleeding and bruising — are also similar to those associated with a number of other diseases, including malaria, Lassa fever, yellow fever viruses and the Marburg virus. Also, most"
821,"This week, after rat droppings were allegedly found on an editor's computer keyboard, staff of all Conde Nast's titles were issued with a new rule: no eating at your desk"
822,"According to an attorney for an unidentified man who lives in an apartment building near the site of the shooting, the recording captures as many as 11 shots fired in the Aug. 9 incident. The audio, which was played on CNN Monday night, could not immediately be verified by The Washington Post. But a burst of gunfire can be heard (six shots), followed by a pause, and then several more shots (at least four). “He was in his apartment, he was talking to a friend on a video chat, he heard loud noises and at the moment — at the time he didn’t realize the import of what he was"
824,"Henry Jackson, better known as Big Bank Hank of the Sugarhill Gang, died early Tuesday morning at Englewood Hospital in New Jersey from complications due to cancer. The news -- first reported by TMZ -- was confirmed to HuffPost Entertainment by David Mallie, business manager for Sugarhill Gang members Michael Wonder Mike Wright and Guy Master Gee O'Brien. Jackson was 57 years old. In a statement to HuffPost Entertainment via Mallie, Wright and O'Brien expressed sorrow and condolences: ""So sad to hear of our brother's passing. The three of us created musical history together with the release of 'Rapper's Delight.'"
825,Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said on Saturday that US journalist Luke Somers was killed by militants during an operation aimed at freeing him from his Al-Qaeda kidnappers in Yemen.
826,"American photojournalist Luke Somers, held hostage by al Qaeda in Yemen, was killed Saturday in a failed rescue attempt, his sister said. There was no immediate comment from Washington about operation, which Yemeni officials said was conducted jointly by the U.S. and Yemen. The British-born hostage's sister, Lucy, told NBC News' partner ITV News and The Associated Press that the FBI had inform the family of the 33-year-old's death. The operation took place in Shabwa province, a Yemen interior ministry official told NBC News, adding that 10 militants were also killed. It came two days after the Pentagon acknowledged an"
827,A Macedonian man who was dumped by his girlfriend when she told him he was not any good in bed chopped off his penis and threw it in the bin.
828,"A man wanted by police turned himself in to the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary (RNC), after promising to do so on Facebook. The police service said in a Saturday post (which is no longer available) that it was looking for 29-year-old Rodney Constantine in connection with warrants for various charges including assault and some traffic issues."
829,"A senior official of the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) was on Thursday dismissed from service for unauthorized absence from duty for 25 years. As disciplinary authority, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah..."
830,A man accused of trying to rape a teenage girl is in a critical condition after locals hacked off his genitals with a meat cleaver in a butcher shop.
831,"“I have no doubt that Mohammed is Jihadi John,” said one of Emwazi’s close friends. “He was like a brother to me.... I am sure it is him.”"
832,"London, Nov 24 : Kim Jong-un has been guzzling litres of rare snake wine to perk up his love life with wife, it has been reported. The cases of the pricey plonk with the body of a deadly cobra inside the bottle were delivered at the supreme leader’s palace in North Korea, the Daily Star reported. Locals believe snake wine helps men get their partners pregnant and improve the size of their manhood. The 31-year-old despot, and his wife Ri Jol-su, are said to be having problems adding to their family because of his weight. The ruler’s waistline has expanded"
833,"First lady Michelle Obama’s face was reportedly blurred by Saudi state television Tuesday as she and the president met with new Saudi King Salman in Riyadh. The new Saudi king shook hands with President Obama at the Erga Palace but did not acknowledge the first lady at all during a brief aside at the funeral for King Abdullah, Bloomberg View reported."
834,"Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter confirms to the Daily News that the rumored Condé Nast rat infestation is actually happening and yes, it's disgusting. ""They're rats! What do you think?"" Carter told the Daily News when asked if that rats were as gross as previously reported. And the rodent problem is only getting worse, since the rats spread from Vogue office throughout Condé Nast. According to the Daily News, Condé employees aren't allowed to eat at their desks and the city health department might get involved. Anna Wintour doesn't even want to go inside in the building at all now, much less her office."
837,"On Friday, Nigerian armed forces chief Air Chief Marshal Alex Badeh announced a ceasefire between President Goodluck Jonathan's administration and the extremist group Boko Haram. Bedeh claimed the truce, which was widely welcomed, would lay the groundwork for the release of the more than 200 girls who were abducted in April, spurring the explosion of the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls. On Saturday, the supposedly appeased group launched an attack on a town in Adamawa State in eastern Nigeria, capturing 40 women and planting a flag in the town of Wagga. They also beheaded six victims during an assault on Friday, after the ceasefire deal was"
839,"WASHINGTON — The Pentagon on Friday confirmed that the leader of al-Shabab, an al-Qaeda-linked organization in Africa, was killed in a U.S. airstrike in Somalia this week. The leader, Ahmed Abdi Godane, was targeted Monday in an airstrike that hit a vehicle and compound in a militant stronghold south of the capital, Mogadishu. Al-Shabab has been linked to a number of attacks in Africa, including the bloody siege at the upscale Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya, in September 2013 that killed 67 people. ""Removing Godane from the battlefield is a major symbolic and operational loss to al-"
840,"Suspected militant Islamists have shot and slaughtered people in three villages in north-east Nigeria, despite government claims that it had agreed a truce with them, residents say."
842,"A 280 pound catfish was caught by a fisherman in Italy. According to USA Today Sports, Dino Ferrari caught the huge fish in Po Delta. While the catfish caught by Ferrari was 8.7 feet in length and weighed 280 pounds, the largest catfish ever caught weighed 300 pounds. That does not mean that this wasn’t a record-breaking fish, however. According to the report, this might be the largest catfish ever caught using a generic fishing rod. According to the San Antonio Express-News, any catfish over 6.5 feet is considered extremely rare. Ferrari isn’t some small time fisherman, either. According to Grind TV, the"
843,The White House fence jumper last week somehow managed to run into the building where the most powerful person in the world works. And new reports today reveal he actually made it farther inside than we thought.
844,"Planetary Alignment On Jan 4, 2015 Will Decrease Gravity For 5 Minutes Causing Partial Weightlessness. Strange natural occurrences are happening in the world today. But nothing more magnificent than the one you will experience on January 4, 2015. According to British astronomer Patrick Moore, at exactly 9:47 AM PST on January 4th, Pluto will pass directly behind Jupiter, in relation to Earth. This rare alignment will mean that the combined gravitational force of the two planets would exert a stronger tidal pull, temporarily counteracting the Earth’s own gravity and making people virtually weightless. Moore calls this the Jovian-Plutonian Gravitational Effect. Moore told"
845,It was an embarrasing moment for a Russian TV actor when he found out that his testicles have been stolen. Dmitry Nikolaev was drugged by someone after he left the Moscow theatre. 30-year-old Nikolaev remembers being approached by a 'young blonde woman' and he agreed to go with her for few drinks. After that he got up next day and found himself lying in a pool of blood. Doctors told him that his testicles have been surgically removed by someone with medical knowledge. It is believed that a gang selling human organs could be involved.
846,"Several Iraqi news sources, including Al Sabah and the website al-Maalomah, reported on Wednesday that several ISIS fighters sought help at a hospital in Mosul, 250 miles north of the city of Baghdad, after developing symptoms of Ebola virus infection. Citing anonymous sources in a hospital in Mosul, Al-Sabah reported that two cases of Ebola and 26 cases of HIV/AIDS were confirmed by health authorities in Mosul. The newspaper also claimed that ISIS recruits from some African countries brought the virus to Iraq. The International Business Times UK also carried a similar report, quoting Iraqi news sources. But a spokesperson for the Iraqi health ministry,"
847,"""The life of this American citizen, Obama, depends on your next decision,"" the executioner says. ""The life of this American citizen, Obama, depends on your next decision,"" the executioner says. A version of the clip viewed by BuzzFeed was removed from YouTube after about 20 minutes, though others have been uploaded since. ""YouTube has clear policies that prohibit content like gratuitous violence, hate speech and incitement to commit violent acts, and we remove videos violating these policies when flagged by our users,"" a spokesperson for YouTube said. ""We also terminate any account registered by a member of a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization and used in an"
848,"The man who jumped the White House fence earlier this month and breached the building's doors actually made it farther than originally thought, the Washington Post reported Monday. Omar Gonzalez, a 42-year-old Iraq war veteran who had a knife in his pocket, overcame one Secret Service officer and sprinted all the way into the East Room of the White House, where he was then tackled, the Post reported, citing ""three people familiar with the incident."" Secret Service officials had previously told reporters that Gonzalez made it to just inside the north portico White House doors."
850,"THE spy agencies MI5 and MI6 have identified the British fighter suspected of murdering the US journalist James Foley, British government sources confirmed yesterday. The masked man with a London accent,..."
851,"Not only has the upcoming Steve Jobs biopic likely found an actor to play Jobs, it may have found an actor to play Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak too: according to The Wrap, Seth Rogen is being considered for the role. Variety reports more definitely that he's actually set to play it. Rogen would be acting alongside Christian Bale, who is reported to have taken the part of Jobs. Danny Boyle, who made Trainspotting and 28 Days Later, is directing based on a script by Aaron Sorkin. Jessica Chastain is also reported to be under consideration for a part, though it isn't known who she would be"
852,"After a solid week of coming to terms with the fact that Steve Jobs is Batman, we've found ourselves in a Job-less world once more. Now that Christian Bale's thrown in the tiny circular glasses, we ask you, dear readers, who's your Jobsian ideal? Is it Woody Harrelson you see telling you to stay both hungry and foolish? Garey Busey perhaps? Or maybe even Meryl Streep—because who cares! Anyone's better than Ashton. So share your top picks down below, and help us find the perfect Steve to Seth Rogan's (presumably) stoned, ever"
853,"It's a common practice around the world to speed up TV shows in order to insert more commercial time. The subtle speeding up can slice a couple of minutes from a 22 minute sitcom with little noticeable difference--and broadcasters can plug in two more minutes of commercials per half hour! It's a last ditch effort, perhaps, to extract money out of a dying media delivery system before streaming obliterates the advertising model. TBS does it with Seinfeld reruns (see below) and worldwide it happens all the time--from the BBC to India. But is that all there is to it--trying to make more money"
854,"Keith Bachman of BMO Capital Markets believes Apple will sell 19 million Apple Watch units in calendar year 2015, with more than half of those being sold in the December quarter."
855,"U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter this week declared terrorists have been crossing the Rio Grande. The California Republican, speaking to Greta Van Susteren on Fox News Oct. 7, 2014, said he’d learned from the U.S. Border Patrol that Islamic State fighters had been nabbed trying to enter the country from Mexico. ""ISIS is coming across the southern border,"" Hunter said, adding a moment later: ""I know that at least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas."" Border Patrol agents ""caught them,"" Hunter also said, but ""you know there's going to be dozens more that"
856,"Kim Jong-un has broken both of his ankles and is now in the hospital after undergoing surgery, a report in a South Korean newspaper claims. The North Korean leader has been missing for more than three weeks, fueling speculation about what could cause his unusual disappearance from the public eye. Some rumors indicated that he was suffering from gout, others speculated it was a sign of some sort of internal struggle within the secretive North Korean regime, and some even said he was simply getting ill by eating too much Swiss cheese. But on Tuesday, South Korean newspaper The Chosun Ilbo added a new twist, reporting that Kim was hospitalized in mid-"
858,"Is Fidel Castro dead? Yes, a man named “Fidel Castro” has died, but he’s not the famous Castro you might be thinking of. The prospect that the leader of Cuba might have died is circulating on the internet, and the rumors claim Fidel Castro’s death was supposed be announced at an official conference, according to the Castro health rumors, but already Cuba has denied these rumors. In a related report by the Inquisitr, it’s claimed that Ian Fleming, the author of the famous James Bond series, helped former President Kennedy to hatch a Fidel Castro assassination plot. According to the el"
859,Kim Jong-Un had ankle surgery and is now recovering at an estate north of Pyongyang.
860,"Bale, a longtime favorite for the role, is back in the mix after talks with Leonardo Dicaprio fell through Christian Bale may play Steve Jobs in Sony's Aaron Sorkin-scripted biopic after all."
862,"THE girlfriend of Olympic champion Michael Phelps has dropped a bombshell — she was born intersex and lived as a boy until her teens. In a post on her Facebook page, Taylor Lianne Chandler, 41, revealed that she was an intersex baby and her birth name was David Roy Fitch. “I was born with male genitalia with no testicles, but I also have a uterus and no ovaries,” she told Radar Online. TRANSGENDER KIDS: Teen Jazz Jennings writes children’s book She decided to change her name as a teenager and later underwent surgery to become a woman. Chandler claims Phelps, 29, was unaware that"
867,"The British Isis militant known as Jihadi John has been identified in reports today as Mohammed Emwazi, from London. In a lengthy article by The Washington Post, identifying the man suspected of appearing in videos showing the beheading of US and UK hostages, a 2010 report in The Independent is cited, which details claims that Emwazi was detained for 'days' and illegally interrogated by MI5 while on a safari holiday in Africa, before being let go. It has now been claimed Emwazi started to become radicalised following the events on this trip. Below is the full report, in which Emwazi is identified as Muhammad ibn Muazza"
869,"KLAS-TV in Las Vegas is reporting that Jose Canseco was accidentally shot in his home: A neighbor tells 8 News NOW former baseball star Jose Canseco was hurt in an accidental shooting Tuesday afternoon at his house on the eastside of the Las Vegas valley. Metro Police confirm there was an accidental shooting at the address, but would not confirm the former player was hurt. However, records show Canseco owns the home where the shooting happened. His post-playing career has been nothing if not weird and random. Here's hoping he's OK, because weird and random is one thing, tragic is another"
871,"A Republican congressman claimed Tuesday that at least 10 Islamic State fighters have been caught trying to cross the U.S.-Mexico border into Texas, though an administration official denied it."
872,"The Islamic State militant known as Jihadi John has been identified as Mohammed Emwazi from West London. The IS frontman is believed to have appeared in a series of shocking videos in which hostages, including British aid worker Alan Henning, are brutally murdered The 27-year-old was named this morning by the Washington Post and it is understood he is known to British security services. The paper described him as being from a well-to-do family in West London, graduating from college with a degree in computer programming. MORE: Soldier who went to fight in Syria ‘is going to get a smacked bottom’ MORE: Desperate plea for missing schoolgirl"
873,"New York City will apparently change its policy on marijuana possession, giving officers the option to merely ticket offenders instead of requiring an arrest, a law enforcement source told CNN on Monday. The new policy, reported Sunday by The New York Times, is expected to be announced by Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner William Bratton at a 3 p.m. ET news conference. Police will have some discretion in deciding whether to issue a ticket or make an arrest, according to the source. Unlike in some places that have legalized recreational marijuana, New York law still bans possession of the drug."
874,"Though it at first appeared as though the artist was responsible for the cartoon after it surfaced on a Banksy Instagram account, it's believed that the account does not belong to Banksy himself. Not only because Banksy's official website insists that the artist keeps off social media — specifically referencing his lack of a Facebook or Twitter account (this short-lived Instagram was the only account that was ever linked to Banksy) — but also, as Business Insider notes, the cartoon image is far too low-res for an artist with Banksy's notoriety. Writes the site: Another clue that points to the image being fake is its file"
877,"Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster has issued a new report to investors, breaking down expected Apple Watch average selling prices. The analyst predicts that the stainless steel Apple Watch will be priced at $499, while the 18k Gold Edition will sell for $4,999, AppleInsider reports. He also said that on average, consumers will spend closer to $550 on the device, considering case and internal storage options. Apple watch versions Apple Watch will be released in three separate price tiers i.e. Apple Watch Sport, Apple Watch and Apple Watch Edition, with each series including two display sizes and a variety of strap choices. Starting with Apple Watch Sport,"
879,"Matt Taibbi is taking a ""leave of absence"" from Pierre Omidyar's First Look Media, according to New York Magazine. The move comes ""after disagreements with higher-ups inside Omidyar's organization, a source close to First Look confirmed today."" Over the last year, however, the center of gravity of the organization has shifted, as Omidyar and his Silicon Valley braintrust have exerted control over budgets and vacillated over the journalistic mission. Over the summer, Omidyar appointed a longtime confidante, John Temple -- a former newspaper editor who previously led an Omidyar-financed civic"
880,Bloodthirsty militants in Iraq released a horrific video on Tuesday that shows the apparent beheading of American journalist James Wright Foley — with the execution aimed at forcing President Obama to put an end to US airstrikes.
882,"The British Islamic State militant who has featured in videos featuring the execution of Western hostages, known as ‘Jihadi John’, has been identified. The man is Mohammed Emwazi, a young British man from West London who was known to British security services."
883,"There may be yet another bug in iOS 8, Apple's latest version of its mobile operating system for iPhone and iPad. This time, some users are reporting that anybody trying to reset the settings on their iPhone could accidentally delete all of their documents saved in iCloud, Apple's online backup service. MacRumors reports that multiple users of its forums have reported an issue when attempting to reset all settings on their iPhone. Apple informs you as you reset your phone settings that ""no data or media will be deleted,"" but people are claiming that the reset wipes all of their iCloud Drive documents. The existence of the bug is not yet"
885,"An asteroid about 60 feet in diameter missed hitting Earth Sunday by about 25,000 miles, as predicted by NASA’s Near-Earth Object program. It did not, contrary to some reports Monday, break off a little piece that landed with a bang in Nicaragua. That story was intriguing to asteroid watchers, including the scientists at the Tucson-based OSIRIS-REx project, which tweeted Monday: #Nicaragua impactor: the second serious impact in as many years that was undetected #chelyabinsk NASA officials, though, are skeptical that the reported explosion and crater near Managua’s airport was caused by a space object"
886,Chinese parents who don't have the money to pay for treatment for their critically ill daughter have gone onto the street to try and raise the money by selling their son who is the girl's twin.
887,"Every superhero has an origin story, but one Russian boy’s unbelievable tale isn’t from a comic book — it’s very much real-life."
888,"If you’re experiencing a bit of a post-Christmas hangover in the warm and fuzzy, feel-good department, look no further—there’s a video for that. On Christmas Day, Joe Riquelme, creator of the successful Videoshop editing app, gave his parents a Christmas to remember. Riquelme casually hands his parents an envelope with this present inside:"
891,A US airstrike allegedly killed ISIS leader Al-Baghdadi.
892,"Lucy Somers says she learned of her brother's death from FBI agents, as Yemen claims armed forces freed 'an American hostage' held by al-Qaeda"
899,"A nun who complained of stomach pains shocked her fellow sisters when she gave birth to a baby boy – and claims she had no idea she was pregnant. The woman, who belonged to an all-female closed order in Macerata, Italy, was rushed to nearby Bartolomeo Eustachio di San Severino hospital after complaining of severe abdominal pain. And the South American, who arrived in Italy in June, surprised her fellow nuns when she gave birth to a baby boy, Il Corriere Adriatico reports. MORE: Nun ‘unaware’ of pregnancy gives birth in Italy But her fellow sisters weren’t the only ones surprised"
900,"The latest 'Banksy arrested' story has been shared more than 200,000 times on Facebook and Twitter, proving there are still people who will believe anything they read on the internet"
902,"A Jordanian government spokesman has denied rumours that the Jordanian King Abdullah II, a trained pilot, is personally conducting airstrikes against the Islamic State (Isis). Mohammed al-Momani said in a statement that reports about the personal involvement of the King in combat missions on IS targets is unfounded and baseless. Rumours on King Abdullah spread after the he promised to fight back hard against IS, saying that the death of Jordanian pilot Moaz al-Kasasbeh ""will not be in vain"". ""We are waging this war to protect our faith, our values and human principles and our war for their sake will be relentless and will hit them"
903,"A video has surfaced purporting to depict American journalist James Wright Foley being beheaded by those who claim to be ISIS rebels. James Wright Foley disappeared in northwest Syria on November 22, 2012. The video features text saying ""Obama authorizes military operations against the Islamic State effectively placing America upon a slippery slope towards a new war front against Muslims."" It then cuts to a clip of Obama announcing airstrikes against ISIS and then to Foley kneeling in orange, next to a man wearing black with his face covered. In it, Foley is forced to read a letter urging Americans to rise up against his “real killer,” the “U.S. government.” I"
906,"Outline Circulating report claims that from January 1st 2015, McDonald's will stop serving overweight customers in an effort to battle increasing obesity rates. Fake News Brief Analysis The claims in the report are false. McDonald's is not about to implement such a policy. The false report comes from a website called Daily Buzz Live. The site publishes a confusing mixture of sensationalized but factual news stories and fictional nonsense disguised as news. related Links NONSENSE - 'McDonalds Using Human Meat' HOAX- 'McDonald's Users Worm Fillers in Meat Seriously McDonald's - African Americans Pay More Hoax What's New Top"
907,"She was violently stripped naked and beaten senseless by a mob of women on a busy shopping street... but the police never came. Indeed, nobody intervened as Lin Yao Li, 38, was kicked in the groin and breasts as she writhed screaming in agony on the pavement. The reason, onlookers said, was that it was an 'argument of the heart' - she didn't deserve help because had slept with another woman's husband. It is only the latest in a number of similar incidents in which it seems there is placid acceptance in Chinese society of such humiliation, as long as the victim is seen as deserving in having caused"
908,"ISIS supporters are circulating images of a child they say has become the youngest foreign fighter to be killed in battle for the jihadist group, according a counter-extremism think tank. The images, which cannot be independently verified, show a young boy believed to be about 10-years-old holding guns, posing with a balaclava stretched across his face and standing alongside a man thought to be his father who is reportedly a militant. Those sharing the pictures are paying tribute to the child on Twitter as the youngest martyr from the Arabian Peninsula to have been killed in Syria as Isis tries to establish a caliphate across swathes of the region,"
909,Research Medical Center said a patient who came to its Brookside Campus emergency department for treatment does not have the symptom profile of Ebola. The hospital issued the statement to stop rumors and online reports that the patient was being treated for the disease.
913,"Browse Michelle Obama latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Michelle Obama at abcnews.com"
915,"A realistic-looking fake BBC News website has been set up carrying conspiracy theories about the Charlie Hebdo massacre. A story, headlined: “Doubts raised over Charlie Hebo footage”, appears on the website domain bbc-news.co.uk. The rest of the BBC website furniture on the page looks genuine and the links to other BBC content work. But the story and video are about a conspiracy theory that the widely broadcast amateur video footage showing the killing of a Paris policeman was faked. The story also claims that the Charlie Hebdo attack was a “false flag” operation perpetrated by Western intelligence. According to internet registry company"
917,"Source: Detroit Free Press Yesterday, we reported on a rumor from Bleeding Cool that someone in Detroit had stolen one of the Batmobiles being used for filming in the city. The rumor took off all over the web, even making its way to Detroit's local CBS affliate. Our article did pretty well, probably because we found that sweet MTV contest video from 1989, showing this plot has been in motion for twenty-five years. But there's just one problem... it didn't happen. The Detroit Free press checked with police spokesman Michael Woody, who said, ""The Batmobile is safe in the Bat"
919,"Predator drones have started to fly over Raqqa, Syria."
920,"Over the last month, Libya has been spiraling out of control, as terrorist gains and attacks have intensified. As of August, the US embassy in Tripoli was overrun. The Inquisitr reported that a local militia group stormed the compound and took control. “Dawn of Libya, an organization consisting of militants from several organizations, announced that it had claimed the embassy, which has been evacuated for a month. The group posted a video showing men playing in the embassy’s pool.” Libya is the same country that was the site of the Benghazi scandal that still, though generally has been reduced to distant thunder, is hovering over the Obama"
921,"Jihadi John, the masked ISIS militant apparently responsible for the beheading of western hostages, was Thursday named as London man Mohammad Emwazi by the Washington Post and the BBC."
922,"More than 200 girls who were kidnapped in Nigeria will be released after the country’s government agreed an immediate cease-fire with their captors Boko Haram. Air Marshal Alex Badeh, who is chief of defence staff, ordered his troops to immediately comply with the agreement. ‘A ceasefire agreement has been concluded between the Federal Government of Nigeria and the Jama’atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda’awati wal Jihad (Boko Haram),’ he said. MORE: Brave or shameless PR stunt? Nigerian singer offers virginity to Boko Haram in exchange for kidnapped schoolgirls The news comes as another official confirmed there had been direct negotiations"
924,"What’s wrong with building a snowman? Plenty if you ask a scholar of Islam in Saudi Arabia. A prominent Saudi Arabian cleric apparently issued a religious ruling, officially called as a ‘Fatwa’, forbidding the building of snowmen. According to the cleric the practice is highly anti-Islamic. The religious scholar, Sheikh Mohammed Saleh al-Munajjid strongly believes that building snowmen isn’t an acceptable Islamic practice and it should cease with immediate effect. The leader confirmed his viewpoint on a website where one of the members had asked whether it was OK for fathers to build snowmen for their children. To this, the cleric"
928,"ISIS terrorists have released a video purportedly showing the beheading of American freelance photojournalist James Wright Foley who went missing on Thanksgiving Day in 2012. Foley, a 40-year-old New Hampshire native, was kidnapped at gunpoint from an Internet café in Syria. ISIS has threatened that Steven Sotloff—another freelance reporter who has been missing since August 2013 and has written for numerous publications such as Time, Christian Science Monitor, and Foreign Policy—will also be executed depending ""on Obama’s next decision"" regarding U.S. military strikes against ISIS in Iraq. In the graphic video, Foley was forced to read a letter encouraging Americans to rise"
931,Lebanese army says it has detained second wife of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and their eight-year-old son near the Syrian border
932,"India is going through some serious public sector reforms under Prime Minister Narendra Modi. So not turning up for work for a quarter of a century is now not OK, as one civil servant found out recently. India's Central Public Works Department (CPWD), in a press release dated Jan. 8, 2015, announced the dismissal of a senior electrical engineer employed by the department for 35 years. He only worked the first 10. It sounds like the CPWD could use a bit of reorganisation. The employee stopped turning up for work in 1990, and an inquiry was launched in 1992. The department then seems to have forgotten about it for 13 years:"
933,"Islamic State militants released a video on Tuesday purporting to show the beheading of American journalist James Wright Foley, who has been missing since he was kidnapped in northwest Syria on November 22, 2012. Foley was abducted by unknown gunmen outside a cafe in Binesh, along with his translator, who was later released. Another captive is shown at the end of the video. He is identified as Steven Sotloff, an American journalist who has been missing since August 2013. The video and images were released on Twitter by user @mujahid4life. The account has since been suspended."
936,"Islamic State militants in Mosul are displaying symptoms similar to those of Ebola, according to Iraqi media reports of suspected cases at an IS-controlled hospital in the city. The World Health Organization has not been able to confirm this but has offered assistance to Iraqi officials"
938,"A group of ISIS militants in Iraq have allegedly gone to a local hospital to be treated for what is believed to be Ebola. Three local media outlets reported this week that a number of ISIS fighters have shown signs of the deadly disease and were taken to a hospital in Mosul to be treated. The reports are currently unconfirmed, but the World Health Organization says that they are investigating the claims and that they are attempting to reach out to officials in the area to offer help. “We have no official notification from [the Iraqi government] that it is Ebola,” WHO’s director of communications Christy Feig told Mashable in a statement. Feig"
939,"The “Jihadi John” killer who has featured in several Islamic State beheading videos is Mohammed Emwazi, a Briton from a middle-class family who grew up in London, the BBC and the Washington Post newspaper reported Thursday."
941,"It's hardly a secret that Amazon wants to be your go-to store for everything, but despite it's big pushes for same-day delivery there's still nothing like trudging into a physical store when you need something in a rush. Amazon seems to understand that all too well -- according to reports from CNBC and the Wall Street Journal, the e-commerce titan is gearing up to open its first brick-and-mortar store in midtown Manhattan in time for the holidays. The move might seem a little out of character for a company like Amazon, but this isn't the first time it's thought about moving"
942,"Ok, this is all still rumor, but there's a chance a Batmobile was stolen from the set of Batman v Superman set in Detroit. My former employer Bleeding Cool posted this: The scuttlebutt from sources in Detroit is that one of the Batmobile models being used in the filming of Batman Vs. Superman has gone missing, believed stolen. It would not be the first time a Batmobile has been nicked in Detroit. Though that was just a $200 replica of the TV Series version back in 2o10. So far we have no clue or confirmation, but if this is true, we should quickly form a list"
944,"A company whose video chat service apparently captured audio of Michael Brown's shooting said Thursday the recording was created at the time the Missouri teenager was killed this month. The revelation from Glide appears to bolster a man's claim that he inadvertently recorded audio of gunfire at the time a police officer shot and killed the 18-year-old Brown in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson on August 9. The video was created at 12:02:14 p.m. that day, Glide said. Brown, who was unarmed, was shot by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson shortly after noon. ""A Glide user living nearby was simply using the Glide"
945,"Christian Bale will slip into a mock turtleneck to play Steve Jobs in an upcoming film about the Apple co-founder. (The one that has nothing to do with Ashton Kutcher.) Aaron Sorkin wrote the screenplay, and he's jazzed to have Bale on board. ""We needed the best actor on the board in a certain age range and that's Chris Bale,"" Sorkin told Bloomberg Television, explaining that Bale didn't need to audition. The movie, based on Walter Isaacson's 2011 biography on Jobs, is named after the Apple idol for a reason. The Jobs character is going to dominate the screen"
947,"A blogger has claimed that she aborted her baby when she discovered it was a boy because of bad experiences with men. In her blog, the author, known only as Lena, wrote that she found out she was pregnant in 2012 and describes the father as ‘the donator’. Describing the pregnancy as a ‘diagnosis’ she said that she was ready to have a child. She also claims to be a feminist, fighting women’s rights ‘to the point of eschewing a career’. But from her writing – if what she’s saying is actually true – she appears to be something of a misandrist."
948,"Did you see the Bugatti Veyron that was vandalized with penis graffiti in Seattle? Well, it may have not actually been a crime. Several people were angry this week when they saw a photo of the $2.5 million car with a big penis drawn across the hood. How could someone vandalize such a beautiful piece of machinery! Well, it doesn’t appear like this was the work of vandals. A photo of the car was uploaded to Instagram by AndreysMyGov of VG Productions. Andrey writes that the car was purposefully spray painted for an upcoming music video. Andrey writes: “Yea bro it’s for an upcoming"
949,"A US website is carrying a report that the world’s richest street artist Banksy has been identified and arrested. It is, of course, completely fake, and the quotes used in the National Report piece were originally ‘issued’ via a press release hosted by a satirical website in 2013."
950,"Iraqi pilots who have joined Islamic State are training its members in Syria to fly three captured fighter jets, according to a UK-based activist group that monitors the conflict."
951,"THE beheading of American journalist, James Foley, at the hands of ISIS militants shocked the world but forensic experts have revealed the video was probably staged, with the murder happening off camera."
952,"Forget health or messaging. The forthcoming Apple Watch could end up being a lynchpin for e-commerce. EBay, whose website allows people to buy and sell all sorts of things both new and old, is seeking an iOS Engineer/Architect who can work on ""elegant solutions for the Apple Watch that will complement our core iOS eBay app,"" according to a job posting from the company. The listing was first published on eBay's job page in November, but it has been getting more attention thanks to its appearance on LinkedIn this month, according to a report today from AppleInsider. E-commerce companies like Flipkart have developed apps"
955,Nigeria has reached a ceasefire deal that will include the release of kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls.
956,"BAGHDAD — The Islamic State (IS) has been accused of using chlorine gas against Iraqi soldiers who were besieged in Anbar province. Survivors of an Iraqi army regiment in Saqlawiya, near Fallujah, say the radical group used the gas against the besieged soldiers. There were conflicting government statements about whether the gas had been used. The siege on the regiment, which consists of nearly 400 soldiers, has created an uproar in Iraq, with Iraqi members of parliament (MPs) on Sept. 21 demanding the government break the siege. The following day, the Anbar Operations Command said it opened the road to Saqlaw"
957,A mushroom with hallucinogenic properties has been found growing at Buckingham Palace but no one suspects Queen Elizabeth of cultivating the magic mushroom. The Amanita muscaria was found growing wild in the extensive palace gardens during preparations for a television show.
958,"An animal lover from Norfolk splashed hundreds of pounds on an operation to save his bunged-up goldfish. The man took the pet, which he keeps in a tank in his office, to Toll Barn Veterinary Centre after noticing it was suffering from digestive distress, EDP 24 reported."
959,"While the US Vogue offices are moving to 1 World Trade Center in New York City, Anna Wintour may not be making the transition anytime soon. A Vogue employee told Gawker that the new offices are infested with rats. And the problem is apparently so bad that the editor-in-chief is reportedly refusing to enter the premises. Wintour, 65, has allegedly informed her staffers that the vermin must be removed before she clicks her dainty heels into their new home. Scroll down for video New digs, big problem: While the US Vogue offices are moving to 1 World Trade Center in New York City, Anna Wintour may not be"
961,"A loud boom heard Saturday night by residents of Nicaragua's capital Managua was caused by the impact of small meteorite, government officials confirmed on Sunday. The piece of rock, possibly from an asteroid that passed close to Earth on Saturday, landed near a city airport and did not cause any injuries, the AFP reported. However, it did create a 16-foot-deep crater, the Associated Press said, citing volcanologist Humberto Saballos from the Nicaraguan Institute of Territorial Studies. ""I was sitting on my porch and I saw nothing, then all of a sudden I heard a large blast,"" Jorge Santamaria told the Associated Press"
962,"A British fighter who travelled to Iraq to stop the Islamic State claims the terror group fed a murdered kidnap victim to his own mother after she went to their headquarters and demanded to see him. Yasir Abdulla, a security guard from Keighley, West Yorkshire decided to go to Iraq and fight against ISIS after hearing they came within six miles of taking control of his home village in Kurdistan, which he left in 2000. It has been reported that the 36-year-old bought a set to combat fatigues online for £100 before going to Kurdistan and buying an assault rifle. From Yorkshire to Iraq: Security guard Yasir Abdulla (left near his"
964,"Doctor in besieged Syrian town reports arrival of patients with blisters, burning eyes and breathing difficulties after explosion Kurds battling Islamic State militants for control of Kobani fear the extremist group may have used an unidentified chemical weapon, according to officials and one of the few doctors still working in the besieged Syrian town. Patients with blisters, burning eyes and breathing difficulties turned up at a clinic after a blast was heard on Tuesday evening, Dr Walat Omar said. He described the symptoms as abnormal and said he could not identify their cause, but suspected a chemical weapon. “After a loud explosion [on Tuesday night], we received some patients with abnormal symptoms."
965,"The 62-acre island, in Lake Mlaren, Sweden, was the former home of the 14-time major winner and his ex-wife, Elin Nordegren, to whom he was married for six years"
966,"A meteorite landed ""like a bomb"" just missing Nicaragua's main airport and raising concerns over scientists' ability to track space objects on potential collision courses with Earth. Officials said they ""thanked God"" there were no injuries as the rock landed in Managua, a sprawling city of 1.2 million people where it left a crater 12 metres (40ft) wide and five metres (16ft) deep. The object was believed to have been a small part of the asteroid 2014 RC, nicknamed ""Pitbull,"" which astronomers had been monitoring as it passed the planet. Nasa currently tracks more than 11,000 asteroids that come relatively close to Earth but"
968,"From Staff Reports An Internet posting claiming a family of five in Purdon has come down with Ebola is not true. The website, which has the appearance of a news site, is reporting a the town of Purdon has been sealed off by the CDC and local police. This is not true. Local Emergency Management officials, the Corsicana/Navarro County Health Department and Navarro County Sheriff Elmer Tanner all report there is no truth to the claim on the website. Navarro County officials issued the following news release calling the report untrue: ""A release today on at least one website, National Report, stated that “The small town of Pur"
969,"(IraqiNews.com) On Monday several Members of Parliament from Diwaniyah Province confirmed that ISIS killed over 300 soldiers using chlorine gas for the first time in Saqlawiyah, north of Fallujah. MP Ali al-Badri said, at a press conference at the parliament building in the presence of a number of deputies of Diwaniyah province and attended by IraqiNews.com that “the terrorist organization ISIS used chlorine gas for the first time in the region of Saqlawiyah after trapping more than 400 troops, resulting in the deaths of many of them due to suffocation while the terrorist gangs detonated car bombs within the brigade"
971,"Some 219 years ago, founding fathers Sam Adams and Paul Revere looked on as a bit of history was tucked into a corner stone of the Massachusetts State House. On Thursday, excavators carefully extracted the keepsakes, according to the Boston Globe. The time capsule, contained in a 5-by-7-inch copper box, is thought to hold a collection of coins and other artifacts dating as far back as 1652. The capsule had actually already been extracted in 1855, when the original cowhide capsule was replaced with the metal box and new items, including coins from the 1800s, were added to the stash.The box had then been mortared inside the"
972,"KFC: Marijuana on the menu? Not likely. A story that began circulating on Tuesday afternoon created a bit of a frenzy, but the fact is, there's no sign KFC will really be selling marijuana in its stores. The story began at the Racket Report, where it was announced that marijuana profits were hitting such high levels that the fast food restaurant chain had decided to get in on the game. While the idea may appeal to pot lovers who think they can get the munchies and a bucket full of munchables in a single stop, there are a few problems. First and foremost, Racket Report appears to be a mostly satirical website"
974,"London, England -- The elusive graffiti artist, political activist, film director, painter and long time fugitive that for years has gone by the pseudonymous name of Banksy, was arrested early this morning by London's Metropolitan Police."
975,"Brian Williams took a moment on Monday's ""NBC Nightly News"" to push back on a social media dustup over a Saturday night liveshot that didn't quite happen. Mike Seidel appeared on camera Saturday night with his back turned, leading some to speculate the reporter may have been relieving himself. No so, geniuses: Social Media owes our friend Mike Seidel an apology. The intrepid and fearless Weather Channel Meteorologist was the victim of some wild misinformation when this happened on the news here Saturday night: Lester Holt threw to Mike's live report in a snowstorm in North Carolina. Mike had lost cellphone contact with our control room"
977,Statement posted on website sometimes used by Isis fighters says 26-year-old was killed by missile strike during bombing raid by Jordanian planes on Syrian city of Raqqa
978,"According to a news source from Taiwan, the mass production stage of the Apple Watch will not begin until January. In addition to the delay in start of mass production, the G for Games blog also reported that the Apple Watch will instead be assembled by only one supplier, as opposed to the two suppliers that was previously rumored."
979,"Celebrity Dog Cesar Millan should have died, according to a post on the site noticiasunam.com. But there are many obvious oddities in the post - Viral Inspector shows why it probably is fake."
981,"The Pentagon confirmed today that the U.S. killed Ahmed Abdi Godane, the leader of the al-Shabaab insurgent group in Somalia, in an airstrike this week. U.S. special operations forces targeted Godane in southern Somalia in a Sept. 1 attack using manned aircraft and drones to destroy an encampment and a vehicle. It took several days to confirm initial reports that he died in the attack. “The United States works in coordination with its friends, allies and partners to counter the regional and global threats posed by violent extremist organizations,” Rear Admiral John Kirby, the Pentagon’s spokesman, said in an e-mailed"
982,"A mechanical, singing polar bear could earn its owners an ASBO following complaints that its festive songs were causing a nuisance. Central Bedfordshire Council is said to be undertaking an ‘ongoing investigation’ into Bernard the bear, who performs to passers by outside The Loft café in Shefford. An enforcement officer has now visited the café’s owners, warning that Bernard has been causing a public nuisance. A shop employee told Bedfordshire on Sunday ‘it seems really silly that someone would moan about a bear when we’re on the high street where there is constant noise from the pubs and traffic’."
983,"Authorities say three students were among six people killed in the September 26 violence, and 43 students remain missing. Where are they? Authorities and witnesses fear they may be close to unraveling the mystery."
984,"Browse Lester Holt latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Lester Holt at abcnews.com"
986,"Prepare to meet... mite man. Doctors removed a matchhead-sized insect, believed to be a spider, from under Dylan Thomas’s skin earlier this week and have sent the creature away for testing to determine what it is."
988,"Joe Riquelme, an app developer from New York, surprised his parents with a special gift on Christmas Day: he paid off their mortgage. In a video he uploaded to YouTube, Joe is sitting at home with his parents and their dog, when he presents them with an envelope. youtube.com Inside, a simple letter reads: facebook.com When his parents realise what Joe has done, they are moved to tears. YouTube.com While Joe’s dad weeps, his mother cries, “Oh thank you. I love you”. YouTube.com The touching video Joe uploaded to YouTube on December 26th has since had"
989,"Industry sources indicate Apple is planning to lean heavily on Samsung as a component supplier for both new iPhone 6 builds and the upcoming Apple Watch, reports BusinessKorea (via G for Games). If true, this would be a marked change from Apple's reported goal of lessening its reliance on Samsung by seeking alternative suppliers for critical hardware components. According to the report, Apple is looking to Samsung to supply RAM, NAND flash storage, and batteries for future iPhone 6 production, supplementing or replacing current suppliers for those components. NAND flash has been a particular area of concern for Apple according to recent news reports, with the company's decision to use"
991,"Islamist militants claim to have beheaded a man identified as James Foley, an American journalist kidnapped in Syria in late 2012, in a graphic video posted on the internet. A spokeswoman for the White House said the intelligence community was trying to determine the video’s authenticity. “If genuine, we are appalled by the brutal murder of an innocent American The video entitled “Message to #America (from the #IslamicState)” purporting to show “James Wright Foley” on his knees ahead of his execution by a man whose identity is disguised and who speaks with a distinct British accent. At the end of the video, the same person holds"
992,"(Reuters) - No suspected cases of Ebola have been found in Iraq, despite reports to the contrary in Iraqi media in the past week, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday. Describing reports of suspect cases of the deadly viral infection in Mosul as ""rumor"", the Geneva-based United Nations health agency said it and the Iraqi health ministry had conducted a full investigation."
993,"Sugarhill Gang founder Henry 'Big Bank Hank' Jackson has died at age 57 from kidney complications due to cancer. The rapper was a founding member or Sugarhill Gang, which produced the first mainstream rap hit Rapper's Delight in 1979."
996,"Widower Stan Beaton cried tears of joy after telephone engineers found the voicemail recording of his late wife he thought was lost forever. Stan, 68, of Mirfield, was left devastated in December when an upgrade of his phone line by Virgin Media wiped the precious greeting he had kept for 14 years. The retired forklift truck driver took comfort in the voice of wife Ruby, who died of stomach cancer aged 63 in May, 2003. Stan had been assured by the phone company that the recording would be saved after the upgrade and the firm was forced to apologise and offered to make donations to Stan’s favourite charities after the blunder. Red-"
997,"The British Islamic State militant known as ""Jihadi John"" believed to be responsible for multiple executions of Western hostages has been identified as Mohammed Emwazi by a report in The Washington Post. Born in Kuwait, Emwazi comes from a ""well-to-do family"" in West London and studied computer science at the University of Westminster. The Post talked to multiple friends of Emwazi's who identified him as the jihadist militant responsible for the graphic beheadings of James Foley, Steven Sotloff, and others. Wearing a mask to obscure his identity, the executioner became known by his distinctive British accent, and he was"
999,"Actor Seth Rogen, famous for comedic roles in hits like Superbad and Knocked Up, will reportedly appear in the upcoming Steve Jobs biopic written by Oscar winner Aaron Sorkin, and is set to take on the role of Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak."
1000,"The Scottish SPCA is trying to track down the owner of Kai, a young Shar Pei who was found leashed to a rail with a suitcase full of his belongings"
1001,"South Korea newspaper claims Kim fractured both ankles Kim Jong-un, the North Korean leader who has mysteriously been missing from the public eye for almost a month, sparking rumors covering every possibility from a stroke to a coup d’etat, is merely recovering from ankle surgery, a South Korean newspaper has reported. Kim had fractured both of his ankles and had surgery in Pyongyang in the middle of September to treat them, the Chosun Ilbo, South Korea’s largest newspaper, reported on Tuesday, citing an unnamed source. “I heard that Kim Jong Un injured his right ankle in June after pushing ahead with on-site visits and"
1002,"Canadian actor in talks to play Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in Aaron Sorkin-scripted biopic, while Christian Bale is in line to play Jobs himself"
1003,"No one has died more times than Fidel Castro. But yesterday, rumors began flying anew in the Cuban-American community -- and, of course, on Twitter -- that the Cuban leader has finally bitten the dust and that a possible news conference will announce his demise today. Could the speculation finally be true this time? The reports began circulating late yesterday around Twitter: So far there's nothing substantiating all the buzz. Cuban media outlets have denied any news conference is scheduled, and the hype also comes ""suspiciously close"" to the actual death of Fidel Castro Odinga, the 41-year-old son of a"
1004,"A woman held by Lebanese authorities is not the wife of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Iraq's Interior Ministry said Wednesday, injecting further confusion into an already murky situation."
1006,"Google Inc. bought six office buildings northwest of its Silicon Valley headquarters from Starwood Capital Group LLC and Blackstone Group LP in a $585 million deal, two people with knowledge of the matter said."
1007,Conal O'Rourke claims that he got fired for complaining about Comcast's service.
1008,A Catholic priest from Massachussetts was officially dead for more than 48 minutes before medics were able to miraculously re-start his heart has revealed a shocking revelation that will change everything you once believed.
1009,A new audio recording surfaced Monday night that allegedly indicates the police officer who shot Michael Brown paused briefly in the middle of unleashing a barrage of at least 10 bullets.
1010,"Islamic State (ISIS) militants claim to have captured a supply bundle dropped by U.S. forces near the northern Syrian town of Kobani. Video posted to a YouTube channel associated with ISIS shows them rifling through packages containing dozens of grenades. Video posted to a YouTube channel associated with ISIS shows them rifling through packages containing dozens of grenades. The supply package was apparently one of many intended for Kurdish fighters who have been battling ISIS militants for control of the strategically important town for weeks. The footage has not been independently verified. According to Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby, the majority of supplies were safely delivered"
1011,"An American freelance photojournalist missing since being abducted in Syria some 22 months ago was apparently beheaded by an Islamic State militant in a graphic video released Tuesday. Titled “A Message to America,” the gruesome clip shows a masked militant saw away at the neck of James Wright Foley, a 40-year-old New Hampshire native captured in Binesh, Syria on Thanksgiving Day 2012."
1012,Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-CA) told Greta Van Susteren tonight that ten ISIS fighters have crossed the border from Mexico into America. Greta Van Susteren: You say they're coming in the southern border which changes the dynamics. Do you have any information or any evidence that they are actually coming in the southern border now? Rep. Hunter: Yes. Greta: Tell me what you know? Rep. Hunter: I know that at least ten ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the southern border in Texas. Via On the Record: In September Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) also said
1013,"Everyone's been waiting years and years for a meaningful update to the MacBook line. According to a report from 9to5 Mac, this will be the year that a new design will arrive. The blog just published a few renderings based on details from unnamed Apple employees. And if they're correct, this new MacBook looks awesome. The report comes from 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman, who tends to be a reliable source on all things Apple. The details also match up with many of the rumors about MacBook upgrades in recent years. Chief among them is how Apple will ditch ports almost altogether to achieve a slimmer,"
1014,"A 71 years old cleric Father John Micheal O’neal who was officially dead for more than 48 minutes, was re-started by medics. He claims he went to heaven and met God, which he describes as a warm and comforting motherly figure. Father John Micheal O’neal was rushed to the hospital on January 29 after a major heart attack, but was declared clinically dead soon after his arrival. With the aid of a high-tech machine called LUCAS 2, that kept the blood flowing to his brain, doctors at Massachusetts General Hospital managed to unblock vital arteries and return his heart to a normal rhythm. However, doctors"
1015,"KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Research Medical Center is waiting for test results after concern that a patient might have a contagious disease. The hospital says some local reports that the patient has Ebola are false. Research Medical Center says that patient came to its Brookside campus emergency department Saturday for treatment. “Somebody went to an ER with a high fever and a history of having recently been to Nigeria,” said Jeff Hershberger, the spokesman for the KCMO Health Department. He says because Ebola is so high-profile right now, they don’t want to rule it out quite yet. “The patient has been isolated, however, at this"
1016,"Islamic State, in video titled ""A Message to America,"" beheads American journalist James Wright Foley who was kidnapped in 2012"
1017,"WASHINGTON — A man who scaled a White House fence this month and breached the mansion's front door apparently rushed past a Secret Service agent inside and was stopped only after reaching the building's East Room, a government official confirmed Monday."
1018,"A female teacher who slept with a 16-year-old male pupil was rumbled after he sent a secret WhatsApp video of the encounter to his friends. Lucita Sandoval, 26, was apparently unaware the unnamed student was using a camera phone to document the incident until after they had started having sex."
1019,"Christian Bale will star as late Apple CEO Steve Jobs in the upcoming biopic from director Danny Boyle. Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin confirmed the decision in an upcoming interview with Bloomberg Television today, adding that the Oscar-winning actor didn't even have to audition for the role. ""We needed the best actor on the board in a certain age range and that’s Chris Bale,"" Sorkin said. ""He didn’t have to audition. Well, there was a meeting."" Bale was among the actors reported to be in contention for the lead role, along with Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Bradley Cooper, and Leonardo DiCaprio. The"
1020,"A homeless man was given a chance, and he touched an awful lot of surprised people. A viral online video from YouTube prankster Josh Paler Lin tells the story of a homeless man named Thomas and his desire to not let his circumstances keep him from being selfless - by using his newfound money to help not himself, but others."
1021,"A patient in Frisco, Texas, walked into an urgent care facility on Wednesday exhibiting signs and symptoms of Ebola, and told health-care workers he had had contact with ""patient zero"" in Dallas, local officials said in a statement, referring to Thomas Eric Duncan, who died Wednesday of the virus. The Texas Department of State Health Services refuted that claim to CNN, however, saying ""no indication"" the man had contact with Duncan. It is not known if the patient is one of the 48 being monitored by Texas health officials. A patient who saw the man at the facility told NBCDFW's Ray Villeda that the man"
1022,"A man had his genitals chopped off and thrown into the street by an angry mob in India for allegedly sexually assaulting a young woman. It happened in Ganganagar in the north-western state of Rajasthan, in graphic scenes captured on video. According to local authorities, the extreme action was a response to high-profile incidences of sexual attacks in India. World-wide condemnation greeted the gang-rape of a student on a bus two years ago, which shook the image of the country. Alleged attacker Suresh Kumar, 40, molested a teenager in a street, but her screams for help alerted a crowd which came to"
1024,"A 10-year-old member of the ISIS terror group has been reportedly killed while fighting in the Middle East. Going by the name Abu Obadya al-Abassi, ISIS posted a video on YouTube Wednesday announcing his death."
1025,"Apple is reportedly limiting what Apple Watch apps are capable of doing, ruling out certain features in order to ensure battery life is not too heavily drained in the initial model, which could tarnish the high-profile launch."
1026,"McDonald’s has just announced that it will be phasing out 8 menu items the beginning of next year and most McDonald’s customers are not happy. “Our intent is to have a cleaner menu board that is easier for customers to absorb,” spokeswoman Lisa McComb said in a statement. “To do so we must simplify our current menu. This means the end of the Big Mac, apple pie and large size menu items. Currently, the Big Mac has a whopping 550 calories and 29g of fat. The Apple pie contains 250 cal, and it would take a full 69 minute to walk that off! With that being said, those"
1027,"Reports of fresh attacks and fighting in the country's northeast raise doubts about the validity of a ceasefire with Boko Haram, with reports of fresh attacks and fighting in the country's northeast. The chief of defence staff and a senior presidential aide announced on Friday that agreement had been reached to end hostilities and secure the possible release of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls. Air Marshal Alex Badeh said he had instructed all armed forces' chiefs to ensure the ""immediate compliance"" with the development. But a senior army officer in the violence-wracked northeast, who asked to remain anonymous, said: ""Honestly, we are yet to"
1028,A fisherman has caught a giant 8ft 9in long catfish weighing 19 stone - and it could be the biggest ever caught with the humble rod and line.
1029,"A woman who claims to be Michael Phelp’s girlfriend has revealed she was born with male genitalia – and says she never told the swimmer. Taylor Lianne Chandler, who also described her ‘amazing intimacy’ with the athlete, admitted on Facebook that her birth name was David Roy Fitch. Olympic medallist Michael Phelps is currently in rehab at the moment due to a six-month ban from swimming due to driving under the influence. The 41-year-old, who is technically ‘intersex’, was born with both male genitalia and a uterus but had neither ovaries nor testicles. She was technically listed as a boy"
1034,"(Reuters) - A Canadian soldier was shot at the Canadian war memorial in Ottawa and a shooter was seen running towards the nearby parliament buildings where more shots were fired, according to multiple media and eyewitness reports on Wednesday."
1035,"Outline A story circulating via social media reports that more than 250,000 holiday turkeys on a Texas farm may be infected with the deadly Ebola virus and will have to be destroyed. The report features a photograph depicting dead turkeys in a farm shed. Texas turkey farm  Depositphotos.com/ bazil Brief Analysis The claims are nonsense. No such incident has occurred in Texas or anywhere else in the US. The story comes from a dubious 'news' site called Daily Buzz Live that publishes a combination of sensationalized but factual news items and outright fiction disguised as news. The 'Ebola Turkey' story is an example of the latter. Example"
1036,"British Intelligence officials have zeroed in on a suspect in the on-camera ISIS murder of American journalist Jim Foley, and he is widely believed to be a slim, light-skinned rapper from London. Though the MI5 and MI6 agencies are not releasing the man's name, reports say Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary — also known as “Lyricist Jinn” or “L Jinny” — is the main suspect. According to USA Today, he was identified via voice comparisons, and Abdel Bary's music career left them plenty of samples to consider. USA Today reports that U.S. intelligence has"
1040,"Three outlets reported that Ebola showed up at a hospital in Mosul, a city 250 miles north of Baghdad that's been under ISIS control since June 2014. World Health Organization officials said they haven't confirmed the cases, but the organization has reached out to offer assistance. Three outlets reported that Ebola showed up at a hospital in Mosul, a city 250 miles north of Baghdad that's been under ISIS control since June 2014. The reports, however, have perpetuated mostly in pro-government and Kurdish media. ""We have no official notification from [the Iraqi government] that it is Ebola,"" ""We have no official notification from [the Iraqi"
1041,"First there was Bendgate. Then Gapgate. And now, the latest ""gate"" to attack smartphones -- particularly the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus? Hairgate. Apparently, some iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners are getting strands of hair caught between the screen and the aluminum frame of the iPhone. And thus, Hairgate. The seam on my iPhone 6 where the aluminum meets the glass is definitely catching my hair and pulling it out. #seamgate -- Paul Peavler (@CardMeHD) September 28, 2014 My own hair is quite long and I haven't had any strands get caught within the frame of my"
1042,"The improbable story making the rounds today of the 17-year old whiz kid of Wall Street who is rumored to have made $72 million trading the markets, while still in high school, is being widely disputed."
1045,"On Friday, Gawker reported that Vogue's brand-new offices at 1 World Trade Center had a predicament as old as New York City itself: a rat infestation. It's already gotten so bad that editor-in-chief Anna Wintour is wary of entering her personal office."
1046,"The Weather Channel's Mike Seidel has taken a lot of ribbing about what he was doing live on network TV this weekend. But he didn't do what online news sites and YouTubers suggest he did. Seidel was reporting from Sugar Mountain, North Carolina Saturday where an early season storm dropped 10 inches of snow. NBC Nightly [...]"
1047,"Kim Jong-un could try and open a restaurant in Scotland serving delicacies such as dog meat soup, North Korea experts claim. This comes after the controversial leader brought his chain, The 'Pyongyang' restaurants, over to Europe by launching one in Holland. Now North Korea watchers believe Scotland may be the next prime location, largely thanks to the popularity of whisky among the communist ruling elite. Michael Madden, editor of the North Korea Leadership Watch, said Jong-un is desperate to build diplomatic ties with European countries with left-wing leanings. He added: ""It would not surprise me at all if they opted to open a"
1048,"Amazon is reportedly planning to launch an ad-supported media streaming service for music and videos, the New York Post reports. The Post, however, doesn't say that the service would be free, and instead suggests that the new service would likely compete with Netflix and Hulu, while under-cutting them on price (Netflix costs and Hulu Plus cost $7.99 a month). Amazon could use this new, cheaper streaming service as a way to ease people into its ecosystem so they'll be more likely to eventually make the jump to Prime, while also giving it a way to entice potential customers who don't care about Prime's free"
1049,"Paul Revere hasn't stirred up this much anticipation in Boston since his midnight ride from Charlestown to Lexington. More than two centuries later, a recently unearthed time capsule he buried with fellow revolutionary Samuel Adams -- the man whom Revere was riding to see that night to warn that the British were coming -- has got his former city, state and most of the Internet abuzz. The artifact was unearthed Thursday thanks to a water leak near its resting place inside a cornerstone at the Massachusetts State House in Boston. When workers investigating the leak stumbled upon it, Secretary of State William Galvin, who heads the state historical commission, called Pamela Hatchfield, the"
1051,"The ""too good to be true"" cliche is especially accurate when it comes to viral news stories on perfectly formed dollops of bird crap. On Monday some news sites reported on a hoax video of a pigeon pooping on Putin during his speech on the dangers of military aggression while unveiling a monument in Moscow commemorating the 100th anniversary of World War One. The Independent has a good explainer on why the video below is fake. But if it had been real, the symbolism would have been spot on. During his speech, Putin emphasized a strong belief in promoting peace, even as Russia's policies have only provoked and perpetuated violence in"
1053,"Stan Beaton had kept a voicemail from his late wife for 14 years when an upgrade to his phone line caused the recording to be deleted. Work by Virgin Media caused the message, which was left by Beaton’s wife, Ruby, two years before her death in 2003, to be erased last month, the BBC reported. The clip was recorded by Ruby to serve as the message people would hear when they called Beaton’s phone. The 68-year-old told BBC Radio Leeds: “I’ve always resisted changing companies because whenever I mentioned that my wife’s voice was our voicemail message and would it be retained"
1055,A Catholic priest from Massachussetts who was officially dead for more than 48 minutes before medics were able to miraculously re-start his heart has revealed a shocking revelation about God.
1056,"Experts have raised doubts about whether a loud boom and a gaping crater found in Nicaragua's crowded capital Managua this weekend were caused by a meteorite, as the government has said. The impact near the international airport did not cause any known injuries, but it did leave a crater measuring 12 metres across and was felt throughout the capital. The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration on Monday said that while a meteorite could not be ruled out, the lack so far of any eyewitness accounts of a fireball lighting up the nighttime sky outside Managua on Saturday suggests something else was likely behind the event. Bill Cooke, head of NASA's Meteoroid"
1057,"Claim: A vacationing man discovered that increasing pain he was experiencing was due to a tropical spider's living under his skin. PROBABLY FALSE Example: [Collected via Twitter, October 2014] Spider burrowed into WA man's abdomen and lived there for three days while he was on holiday in Bali. Ohhhh My Gawwd! Origins: On 15 October 2014, social media lit up with a seemingly implausible tale. An Australian man named Dylan Thomas quickly became the subject of international buzz (via Facebook) after he asserted that during his vacation trip to Bali, a spider burrowed under his skin and had to be surgically"
1058,"What do you do when your twin is having sex with your husband? You get revenge. Scorned wife Ting Su learned her husband, Cheng, was cheating on her so decided to punish him. Following a mobile phone tracker, Ting Su found her 30-year-old partner naked in a parked car with her own twin. Realising they had been caught in the act, the pair hopped out of the vehicle completely starkers. Seeing her opportunity, Ting Su jumped in and drove off, leaving her sister and unfaithful hubby embarrassed and without dignity. Eyewitness You Meng said: ""He was banging his fist on the window and shouting at"
1060,"If you spent enough time on Twitter this weekend, you probably saw this photo on your feed: And all the basic white girls were like, does it come with UGG Boots? Anyway, the photo is an obvious fake, but Durex is sitting on a potential (ironic) goldmine if they could make your penis smell like Starbucks in October. So far, they're playing it cool, neither confirming nor denying the existence of a pumpkin-flavored love glove. Several emails to Durex's parent company, Reckitt Benckiser, and Virgo Health, the PR company that handles communications for Durex,"
1063,"Apple is planning to release its slimmest MacBook yet, boasting a single USB port and 12-inch display, according to a new report. By Samuel Gibbs"
1064,"A prominent Saudi Arabian cleric has whipped up controversy by issuing a religious ruling forbidding the building of snowmen, describing them as anti-Islamic. Asked on a religious website if it was permissible for fathers to build snowmen for their children after a snowstorm in the country's north, Sheikh Mohammed Saleh al-Munajjid replied, ""It is not permitted to make a statue out of snow, even by way of play and fun."" Quoting from Muslim scholars, Sheikh Munajjid argued that to build a snowman was to create an image of a human being, an action considered sinful under the kingdom's strict interpretation of"
1065,"According to a new survey conducted by analysts at UBS, interest in the smartwatch market is continuing to grow ahead of the Apple Watch launch early next year. Of the 4,000 respondents asked to partake in the survey across four different countries, about 10 percent cited that they are ""very likely"" to buy a smartwatch in the next year. Based on projections of Apple's iPhone sales and the current installed base of iPhones compatible with the Apple Watch, the analysts predict Apple will sell 24 million Apple Watches within the first nine months.Figure 10 indicates that 10% of respondents (401 out of 4,000) are very likely and 17% (682 out of 4,000"
1066,"We still don’t know the exact date the Apple Watch will ship, but a new rumor claims you won’t be able to pick one up at BestBuy, Walmart, or other non-Apple Stores at launch."
1068,Nicaragua’s government said Sunday that a mysterious boom heard overnight in the capital was made by a small meteorite that left a crater in a wooded area near Managua’s airport.
1069,"Luke Somers, 33, had been held hostage since being kidnapped in the capital, Sana’a, in September 2013 as he left a supermarket. There were conflicting reports on Saturday morning about the outcome of a joint US-Yemeni operation to free him. Some said an unnamed American hostage had been rescued while others said Mr Somers was dead. His captors had taunted his family after a previous attempt by American and Yemeni forces to free him, saying on Thursday they would execute him within three days if the US did not meet their demands. Al-Qaeda released a video statement from Mr Somers, where he said: “I’"
1070,"GAZA CITY (Ma'an) -- Hundreds of Palestinians were evacuated from their homes Sunday morning after Israeli authorities opened a number of dams near the border, flooding the Gaza Valley in the wake of a recent severe winter storm."
1071,"A gunman fired multiple shots at the National War Memorial in Ottawa on Wednesday and shot a Canadian soldier, Reuters reports. The gunman then ran towards Parliament Hill, which is located across the street from the National War Memorial. According to Member of Parliament Bob Zimmer, the intruder was shot inside the Parliament building. The incident comes just a day after police killed a Muslim convert in Quebec after he had hit two soldiers with his car. From the Associated Press: OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) -- Police say a soldier standing guard at the National War Memorial has been by an unknown gunman. Ottawa police confirmed they had a call at 9:52 a"
1073,"A small meteorite lands near the international airport in the Nicaraguan capital, Managua, but no-one is hurt, government officials say, after residents reported hearing a loud bang."
1074,"Apple is in negotiations to make the Apple TV a launch destination for HBO's standalone streaming service reportedly called HBO Now, which could launch in time for the fifth season of Game of Thrones premiering April 12, according to a new report. Plans to launch a streaming service independent of a cable or satellite subscription have been public knowledge since October. Until now, though, there was no name attached, or any pricing or availability details. But on Wednesday, a new report from the International Business Times claimed that the service, said to be known as ""HBO Now,"" will cost $15 per month — about as much as viewers would pay a cable"
1075,"The tale of the Harvard Business School professor who flipped out because he’d been overcharged $4 by a Chinese restaurant took an ugly turn Wednesday night. The Boston Globe’s free Boston.com site, which first reported the story, posted a follow-up claiming that Ben Edelman had sent a racist email to the restaurant owner — and then replaced the follow-up with an “Editor’s Note,” explaining that the authenticity of the email couldn’t be verified. The Boston Herald has a summary of what went wrong. The original story about Edelman, by Boston.com’s Hilary Sargent, had gone viral. Who,"
1076,"The Islamic State has released a new video in which it brags that it recovered weapons and supplies that the U.S. military intended to deliver to Kurdish fighters, who are locked in a fight with the militants over control of the Syrian border town of Kobane. The SITE Intelligence Group, which tracks jihadist social media accounts, drew attention to the video Tuesday. At one point, it appears to show a masked militant raking his hands through a crate filled with hand grenades. A U.S. Central Command spokesman said he was looking into the reports. In a news release Monday, U.S. military officials acknowledged launching one air"
1077,"$1.61 That's how much WalMart reported pulled in per share in the fourth quarter – higher than the predicted $1.53. And while earnings fell short, the company might be more concerned with its poor performance on the American Customer Satisfaction Index, where it fell below Target and Family Dollar."
1079,A senior Western intelligence official told Fox News that 23-year-old London rapper Abde Majed Abdel Bary is the suspect believed to be Foley’s executioner.
1081,"Kim Jong-un has broken both his ankles and is in hospital in Pyongyang recovering from surgery, according to a South Korean newspaper. It is believed the injury is a direct result of his excessive weight. The North Korean ruler is believed to weigh over 20 stone, reportedly due to his heavy drinking and an overindulgence in Swiss cheese. ""Kim Jong-un injured his right ankle in June after pushing ahead with on-site visits and ended up fracturing both ankles because he left the injury unattended,"" an anonymous source was quoted as saying in the Chosun Ilbo, according to the Daily Telegraph. The 31-year-old leader had been"
1083,"Matt Taibbi takes a leave of absence from First Look Media. Taibbi had been tapped to start a satirical website for eBay founder Pierre Omidyar's media outlet. Taibbi's exit is allegedly due to conflict with higher-ups, leading some to doubt the publication's future."
1084,"Ahmed Abdi Godane, a co-founder of a network blamed for its brutal tactics in Somalia and for the attack on an upscale Kenyan shopping mall last year, was killed Monday in an attack carried out by U.S. drones and other aircraft, the Pentagon said. “Removing Godane from the battlefield is a major symbolic and operational loss to al-Shabab,” Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, said in a statement. U.S. military officials had acknowledged that they were trying to kill Godane in Monday’s air assault on a Shabab compound in southern Somalia. But they had been"
1085,"Axl Rose is NOT dead. He’s the victim of a new death hoax, designed to look like an MSNBC report. Do not believe it. Axl Rose is alive and hopefully well. The awful hoax comes from the jerks behind the MSNBC.website URL, which has no affiliation with the real news outlet and tries to fool people into clicking on bogus stories. A new phony report has the headline, “Sources: Guns N’ Roses Frontman Axl Rose Found Dead in West Hollywood Home at Age 52.” To fill out the 100 percent fake story, the pranksters write, “Unconfirmed reports say Rose was"
1087,"Russian President Vladimir Putin was pooped on by a bird while giving a speech unveiling a World War One monument in Moscow on Friday. You can see the freedom bombs land at 0:11 into the above video or you can watch it on repeat, forever, in the gif below. The Moscow bird poop incident of 2014 is a small but symbolically satisfying comeuppance for Putin's involvement in Ukraine, where fighting with Russia-backed separatists has killed hundreds of Ukrainians and, two weeks ago, 298 civilians flying overhead in Malaysian Airlines flight 17. Europe and the US have punished Russia with economic sanctions meant to deter further aggression, but"
1089,"A gunman opened fire at Canada's National War Memorial on Wednesday, killing one soldier, Ottawa police said in a statement. Witnesses in the Canadian capital, Ottawa, say the gunman then ran into the main Parliament building, where dozens of shots were fired. Ottawa Police say ""a male suspect has been confirmed deceased."" It's unclear whether that suspect was killed at the Parliament building. During a press conference, Ottawa Police Chief Charles Bordeleau said this is still an ""ongoing investigation"" and asked ""people to stay away from [Ottawa's] downtown core."" Bordeleau was asked if police are still looking for"
1090,Video: Users of the new iPhone 6 are saying their hair is getting caught in between the screen and the phone's aluminum back. The hashtag #hairgate saw thousands of tweets overnight. Carson Daly reports from the Orange Room.
1093,"The terrorist group ISIS has allegedly beheaded American journalist James Wright Foley on video in Iraq in order to send a message to the United States. I'm not going to dignify the terrorists by posting the video here, you can look it up on your own if you'd like."
1094,"On Saturday, the entire Internet watched in horror and then cautious joy as a drunk and/or high man in the Dallas-Forth Worth airport assaulted a random bystander he believed was gay. The attacker was then quickly subdued by a crowd of people. The video, first posted by Raw Story, has been viewed nearly two million times. But only one person, comedian and friend of Jezebel Sarah Benincasa, noticed that one of the guys tackling said gay-basher looks a lot like actor and decent-seeming human being Paul Rudd. Here's the video once again, via Raw Story: As you can see, the"
1095,North Korea leader Kim Jong-un is so fat from eating cheese that he has broken his ankles. The tubby tyrant is recovering from surgery after weight gain caused him to fracture his joints.
1097,"Islamic State has released a video showing the beheading of British hostage David Haines. It comes just hours after his family issued a public plea for his captors to contact them. The Foreign Office said it was ""working urgently to verify"" the video and offering Mr Haines's family support. David Cameron, the Prime Minister, said: ""The murder of David Haines is an act of pure evil. My heart goes out to his family who have shown extraordinary courage and fortitude."" He added: ""We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes."" Mr Haines, 44,"
1098,"Samsung has won the orders to produce Apple's S1 system-in-a-package for the Apple Watch, reports DigiTimes. The S1 produced by Samsung will combine multiple components including the processor, mobile DRAM, NAND flash, and other chips into one package. A report in November shared similar information, noting that Apple would be relying heavily on Samsung for iPhone 6 and Apple Watch components. Namely, Apple was said to be concerned about NAND flash, with its cheaper and slower TLC (triple-level cell) flash memory for larger-capacity iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models said to be the source of crashing issues. Those"
1099,Violence after a ceasefire agreement with Boko Haram raises fears that the kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls will not be released.
1101,"In a set of artist renditions, 9to5Mac offers a look at Apple's long-rumored 12-inch Retina MacBook Air. The renditions and details shared in the report are consistent with previous reports on the machine, although plans do sometimes change during the development process. As previously described in rumors, the next MacBook Air will have roughly the same footprint as the current 11-inch model, but include a 12-inch display nestled inside narrower bezels. The machine's keyboard will also extend from edge to edge while the speakers move to a set of grilles above the keyboard. Comparison of 12-inch Retina MacBook Air"
1103,"When most parents think of a school trip, they envision some form of educational lesson taking place outside of school. However, the parents of seven different girls are reportedly outraged over the outcome of a recent school trip because all of their daughters came home pregnant! According to The Daily Mail, 28 girls attending a Bosnian school were taken on a five-day school trip from the town of Banja Luka to Bosnia’s capital city, Saravejo. Out of the 28 girls, seven reportedly came home pregnant. The students were suppose to be touring museums, but apparently, much more went on. Shortly after the trip, the seven girls"
1104,"Spotting a spider on the floor may give you a fright, but imagine finding out one was living under your skin for three days. This is what happened to Australian man Dylan Thomas who went on vacation to Bali with a friend. His friend noticed a strange red scar going up the 21-year-old's stomach. At first, doctors told him it was an insect bite, but they later discovered a spider had burrowed itself into Thomas's abdomen, most likely through his recent appendix scar. Thomas posted this on his Facebook page: ""Well after running tests and putting things inside my stomach they finally found out it was a"
1106,"KOBANE, Syria, Dec. 1 (UPI) -- There are conflicting reports whether Gill Rosenberg, a Canadian-Israeli woman who claims to have joined the fight against the Islamic State, has been captured."
1107,"BEIRUT: A statement attributed to the Islamic State group claimed an American female hostage was killed in a Jordanian airstrike on Friday on the outskirts of the northern Syrian city of Raqqa, the extremist group's main stronghold. The statement identified the woman as Kayla Jean Mueller and said she was killed during Muslim prayers - which usually take place around midday on Fridays - in airstrikes that targeted ""the same location for more than an hour."" No Islamic State militants were killed in the airstrikes, the statement further claimed. It published photos allegedly of the bombed site, showing a severely damaged brown colored three-story building - but no images"
1109,"The first group of mass graves excavated on the outskirts of a town in Mexico’s Guerrero state does not contain the bodies of any of the 43 students who went missing last month, Mexico’s attorney general said. The whereabouts of the students, who disappeared after a confrontation with police in late September, have been the subject of mass protests in the state. Authorities have been conducting DNA tests on the 28 badly burned bodies found in the graves since discovering them earlier this month. Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam said tests were continuing on four additional graves uncovered last week. State governor Angel Aguirre said some of the bodies could have been earlier"
1115,"If Isis is able to train pilots, they could mount 9/11-style suicide attacks on key installations in Damascus or Baghdad, but analysts say there is a small chance"
1116,"The Islamic State militant group claimed Tuesday to have beheaded an American photojournalist in retaliation for U.S. airstrikes in Iraq. A video posted on YouTube, later removed, purported to show the execution of James Foley after he recited a statement in which he called the U.S. government “my real killers.” A second prisoner, said to be Steven Joel Sotloff, like Foley an American journalist who disappeared while covering Syria’s civil war, then appears in the video. The masked executioner, speaking in English with what sounds like a British accent, identifies Sotloff and says that “the life of this American citizen"
1119,"A British-born photographer held hostage by al Qaida in Yemen has been killed in a failed rescue attempt, his sister has said. Lucy Somers told the Associated Press that she was informed of her brother's death by FBI agents today. Luke Somers, 33, an American citizen, was captured in the Yemeni capital Sana'a more than a year ago by the extremist Islamic group. Luke Somers was kidnapped over a year ago by al Qaida (AP Photo/Hani Mohammed) Earlier this week al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) issued a video with a message aimed at the US government threatening to kill the"
1120,Video footage released by Isis shows what appears to be one of its fighters for in desert scrubland with a stack of boxes attached to a parachute. The Pentagon said it was investigating the claim but admitted that one of its airdrops had gone missing
1121,"Kevin Michael Vickers, Canada’s Sergeant-at-Arms, is being hailed as a hero after shooting a Parliament Hill gunman in Ottawa. Suspected shooter Michael Zehaf-Bibeau entered the Hall of Honour at around 10 a.m. Wednesday after soldier Nathan Frank Cirillo was fatally shot at the National War Memorial just off Parliament property. CTV’s Craig Oliver reported Zehaf-Bibeau was carrying a firearm when he walked into the building. PM Harper to address nation tonight; Parliament lockdown reinstated Eyewitnesses describe fear, confusion as gunshots fired in Ottawa “Kevin Vickers came out of his office carrying"
1122,"Forget targeted US airstrikes, ISIS faces a new existential threat. Citing an unnamed source in a Mosul hospital, Iraq's official pro-government newspaper, al Sabaah, said Ebola arrived in Mosul from ""terrorists"" who came ""from several countries"" and Africa. Mashable further confirms, three outlets reported that Ebola showed up at a hospital in Mosul. For now, it's unclear if any disease experts or doctors in Mosul are even able to test for the Ebola virus; but it would mark the first time the virus had been detected in an area controlled by ISIS, a group that doesn't embrace science and modern"
1123,"The very first nonsense I had to debunk in 2014 was a claim that on Jan. 4 of that year a planetary alignment would cause gravity to decrease, allowing you to float momentarily or fall more slowly if you jumped in the air at the right moment: ""Zero G Day."" This exact same hoax has resurfaced this week in a couple of places, so I've decided to update the debunking to include some new links and repost it, hopefully to stem the tide of silliness at year's end. It seems fitting that (hopefully) this is also the last debunking I'll make in 2014. But who knows? There"
1125,"DC Toy Collector is the “highest paid performer” on YouTube making nearly $5 million last year unboxing Disney toys. However, little has been known about the woman-behind-the-hands of the popular YouTube channel. In fact, her face is never shown in the video, only her voice, toys and hands. However, a recent report reveals the true identity of the YouTube hit and the identity is somewhat shocking. A former Brazilian porn star is behind the wholesome Disney videos and it is noted that during the early years of “Disney Collector,” the woman was filming both Disney unboxing videos and porn in the same Florida home."
1127,Militants fighting for the Islamic State in Iraq have unveiled their latest terror tactic - bombs containing hundreds of live scorpions designed to spread fear among their enemies.
1129,"Update at 2:49 p.m.: According to the license plates on the vehicle cordoned off in the CareNow parking lot, the vehicle is registered to a Dallas County Sheriff's Deputy -- a deputy who went into Thomas Eric Duncan's apartment last week, according to a story that appeared on WFAA's website earlier this week. Update at 2:30 p.m. from Eva-Marie Ayala: The CareNow is on the Denton County side of Frisco. As the clinic serves those in both both Denton and Collin counties, officials from both will monitoring the situation. Collin County Judge Ketih Self said he was informed of"
1130,"Last week, a heart-warming social experiment video hit the web, showing a ""secretly filmed"" homeless man using an unexpected gift of $100 to buy food for others. Since then, the almost too-perfect clip has been featured everywhere from the L.A. Times to Upworthy and generated over $130,000 on a donation page managed by the video's uploader, YouTube personality Josh Paler Lin. According to a new eyewitness account, however, homeless star Thomas ""knew he was being followed"" and the ""whole thing is bullshit."" ""Bro, [Lin] drove Thomas to the liquor store,"" 26-year"
1131,"Yes, we've known for a while that Christian Bale might be the next actor to portray Steve Jobs, but Variety now seems mighty sure: the publication is reporting that our favorite Batman will indeed play our favorite technology pitchman in Sony's new movie. Mind you, Variety technically says that Bale is merely ""in talks,"" but the rest of the article seems pretty certain that it's a done deal. In case you've forgotten, Sony's film is the one penned by Aaron Sorkinwho also wrote the scripts for The Social Network and Moneyball is directed by Danny Boyle (remember Slumdog Millionaire?)"
1132,"The value of breaking into the top 100 ranking on the App Store - or higher, really - is fairly well-established (if not a fool-proof way to make a profit). The same is true whether you’re a developer in the UK or China. And while Apple has some fairly strongly worded guidelines about app store'manipulation', that doesn’t stop people trying it. Well now that effort seems to have been summed up in a single photograph, which has recently gone viral in China: The photo appears to show a woman in front of a rack of about 100 iPhone 5Cs, downloading apps repeatedly"
1134,"According to an earlier report, it was suggested by a Reddit user that Apple might have quietly reinforced the iPhone 6 Plus to address the bending issues that users have been complaining about. It sounded good, but unfortunately as it turns out, it might not necessarily have been true, which we have to say is a bit unfortunate."
1136,"Members of Iraqi Parliament from Diwaniyah Province report that Islamic State militants have killed over 300 soldiers using chlorine gas for the first time in Saqlawiyah, north of Fallujah."
1137,"This week CCTV News, the state-run broadcaster, came up with these tips for any Chinese people considering an English name – one of which is to steer clear of “Dumbledore”."
1139,"Details of any deal still hazy and no word yet from Boko Haram's leader, Abubakar Shekau, but officials say return of girls is part of the deal"
1140,"Primary school students from a small town in Bosnia and Herzegovina went to a five-day excursion, and after some time it turned out that seven schoolgirls got pregnant on it."
1141,"Seth Rogen has been set to star as Steve Wozniak opposite Christian Bale in Sony’s Steve Jobs biopic, sources confirm. Variety reported on Oct. 15 that Bale was in talks to star in “Jobs,” Sony’s biopic about the late Apple co-founder. Writer Aaron Sorkin recently confirmed the Bale casting. Jessica Chastain is being eyed for an unspecified role. Based on Walter Isaacson’s biography “Steve Jobs,” the real-life drama is directed by Oscar-winner Danny Boyle. Scott Rudin is producing the tech drama along with Mark Gordon and Guymon Casady. Sorkin, who also penned the Facebook drama"
1143,"A wife and child of Isis leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi have been detained by the Lebanese army, security officials have claimed. The Lebanese army made the arrests as they crossed from Syria ten days ago, Reuters reports. The woman was described by officials as “one of his wives”, while other reports have described her as his ""ex-wife"". Al-Rai correspondent Elijah Magnier said a source within the Lebanese Armed Forces (LAF) had confirmed Saja Dulaimi, Baghdadi's ex-wife and her daughter were arrested in Lebanon. However, Mr Magnier said another source within the LAF could"
1144,"An amateur psychologist seems to have been at work as a vandal on the streets of Seattle, painting a penis on a £1.5million supercar which some might say functioned as a substitute for the real, fleshy thing. Anyone looking for a metal substitute for their own organ could do worse than the Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Grand Sport: it’s the world’s most expensive production car, and does nought to 60 in 2.6 seconds. The Veyron boasts 1200hp, more than many dedicated racing cars, but is street legal. MORE: Bling it on! Wealthy Arabs show off supercars, including Bugattis and Lamborghinis, for ‘The"
1145,"Jose Canseco certainly lives an interesting life. Reports are beginning to circulate Tuesday night that the former slugger injured himself in a shooting at his Las Vegas home earlier in the day. Details are developing, but it appears the former Oakland Athletics outfielder shot himself in the hand while cleaning a gun. An avid social media user, Canseco hasn't filed a tweet since Monday when he posted a picture of his dogs. It will be interesting to see what he says about the incident."
1148,"An image of a gold Bugatti Veyron graffitied with a drawing of a penis may have upset car lovers - but it turns out the vehicle was included in a YouTube hoax. Photos from multiple Instagram accounts have revealed the luxury vehicle wasn't permanently damaged. Instagram user @andreysmygov uploaded a photo last Friday of the Veyron with a caption that suggested it was painted on as a stunt for TwinzTV, Car Crushing noted. Scroll down for video Graffitied: A photo of the 'vandalised' Bugatti Veyron was reportedly taken in Seattle, according to a Reddit post Busted: This Instagram photo from @and"
1149,"Earlier this month, Condé Nast commenced its long-anticipated move to 1 World Trade Center, whose landlord is counting on the magazine publisher to anchor the building and attract other hip companies to the fortified Financial District. The ongoing rodent problem at Vogue, however, might give some prospective tenants pause. Even Anna Wintour is worried. Multiple sources tell Gawker that the offices of Vogue, located on floors 25 and 26 of 1WTC, are dealing with a rat infestation. The infestation is so acute, one source said, that the fashion title’s editor-in-chief, Anna Wintour, recently issued a standing order: Staff"
1152,"Is Kim Jong Un's sister running North Korea? That's the latest question on the minds of North Korea watchers amid a storm of rumors that have built up in the weeks since Kim's last public appearance on Sept. 3. Other rumors suggest he is being treated for gout and that he has been hospitalized due to a cheese allergy. With so little hard news leaking out of the Hermit Kingdom, it's impossible to confirm any of this -- including the rumor that Kim's little sister, Kim Yo Jong, is the new show-runner. But there is evidence that she has upped her political profile over the"
1153,"Apple is targeting 19 hours of battery life under mixed usage conditions for its upcoming Apple Watch wearable, consistent with Apple CEO Tim Cook's estimate that users will want to charge the device daily."
1154,"Former major league slugger Jose Canseco is recovering after shooting himself in the hand at his Las Vegas home. Metro police Lt. Mark Reddon says officers responded to a call of an accidental shooting shortly after 2:30 p.m. Tuesday. Reddon says Canseco told police he was cleaning his gun in the kitchen when it fired, shooting a finger on his left hand. He was taken to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada. Canseco's fiancee, Leila Knight, tweeted from his account late Tuesday night, saying he was still in surgery and would be OK. Canseco played 17 years in the major leagues"
1155,"A man has been head slapping people in Carlisle - after they sneeze. Cumbria police said that an 82-year old woman reported that she was slapped after she had sneezed in Scotch Street, near Costa, at 11.30am today. The suspect is a man believed to be in his late 50s. It is reported that a similar incident happened yesterday but the victim has not yet been traced by police. Anyone that may have witnessed the incident or has any further information is asked to contact PC Lori Tallantire on 101."
1156,The bodies found in a mass grave were confirmed as not being the missing students.
1157,"Christian Bale is in talks to play Steve Jobs in Aaron Sorkin's forthcoming biopic, according to Variety's Justin Kroll, citing sources. Leonardo DiCaprio had been under consideration for the lead role in Jobs, but the actor declined the roll two weeks ago."
1159,"Activists on two sides of the Syrian conflict reported seeing ""what appears to be a drone"" over Raqqa, Syria."
1161,"Rumors, claiming the Guns N' Roses frontman allegedly died, started spreading online on Dec. 3, leaving fans shocked and saddened. Could it really be true or have Axl Rose fans fallen for a death hoax?"
1162,"Even in India, where government jobs are considered to be for life, A.K. Verma was pushing it. Verma, an executive engineer at the Central Public Works Department, was fired after last appearing for work in December 1990."
1164,"Hundreds of dog-lovers from Britain, the U.S., Canada and even the Philippines have offered to re-home a pet who was found abandoned at a train station with his own suitcase"
1165,"As the anniversary of Sept. 11 approaches, there are growing fears that stolen jetliners could be used in attacks. The Washington Free Beacon reports that Islamists in Libya took control of nearly a dozen commercial jetliners last month when they overran the Tripoli International Airport."
1166,"On Friday, the Nigerian military reportedly agreed to a truce with the militant group Boko Haram. According to the announcement, more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls who were abducted this year will be freed. According to CNN, the details of the release are expected to be negotiated next week. In August, the militant group Boko Haram declared an ""Islamic state"" in northeastern Nigeria, a territory largely occupied by the fighters. Boko Haram is believed to be hiding the girls somewhere in this area. This week marked six months since the mass kidnapping took place. On April 14, 276 Nigerian girls were kidnapped by Boko Haram militants from a school in Chibok,"
1167,"He has not yet reached his 18th birthday. But Mohammed Islam, from Queens, New York, has already made an estimated $72million - from trading stocks on his lunch breaks at school"
1168,An Israeli newspaper report says Islamist websites are claiming extremists have kidnapped an Israeli-Canadian woman who joined Kurdish fighters overseas. The Jerusalem Post says reports of Gill Rosenberg’s capture surfaced Sunday on websites “known to be close” to Islamic State extremists.
1169,"The Jets and Evander Kane appear to be at a crossroads. It sounds like the bidding may be at hand...hearing Florida (e3), Toronto (e4), Montreal (e2) and Buffalo (e3) have interest. More to come... By the way, fighting a stomach flu...(thanks kids) so no podcast today."
1170,"North Dakota voted to name a new 650-acre publicly owned site currently under construction after President Obama. In a sweeping 35-10 vote, the state Senate approved a bill to name their new dump after our 44th president."
1171,"When Oliver Ilic's girlfriend broke up with him and told him he's not very good in bed, he had an extreme post-breakup reaction and chopped off his penis."
1173,"The federal government is working to confirm reports that Gill Rosenberg, a Canadian citizen, has been captured by Islamist extremists in Syria. According to the Jerusalem Post, websites ""known to be close"" to ISIS extremists reported the capture of the Israeli-Canadian woman, who joined Kurdish fighters overseas, on Sunday."
1174,"Macaulay Culkin has been the victim of a death hoax - again. For the second time this year the actor has had false reports circulate online regarding his sudden death. But once again it turns out that the Home Alone star is actually alive and well. “@AnchovyWarhol: New Orleans we love you, @cheesedayz is buying a band house. pic.twitter.com/z4KqgKPPAN”— pizza underground (@cheesedayz) November 8, 2014 The rumour seems to have originated online with a mock tribute page making the rounds on Facebook for people to show their respect. Mourners were"
1175,"Reports that Isis fighters in Iraq have contracted Ebola have been refuted as ‘incorrect’ and ‘unfounded’ by the country’s health ministry. Despite reports on Wednesday in the Iraqi paper, al-Sabah, that two cases of Ebola had been reported in Mosul in the north of the country, Ahmed Rudaini, the health ministry’s spokesman dismissed the speculation. He said the disease could not have been registered, as only the Central Laboratory of Public Health in Baghdad has the “diagnostic capabilities” to confirm cases of Ebola which was reported by the al-Maalomah news website and the International Business Times. The"
1176,"Browse Shebab latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Shebab at abcnews.com"
1177,"It can't be possible. I refuse to believe it. But there are reports circling that the Batmobile has been stolen from the set of Batman Vs. Superman in Detroit. Details are scarce and nothing is confirmed. Bleeding Cool, which first reported on the caped crusader's missing machine, reached out to Warner Bros. but the studio hasn't responded. CBS in Detroit has contacted the local police department and they're looking into it. Again, this is probably bogus, but if it isn't, keep your eyes peeled for something dark, menacing, and with freaking machine guns on its nose."
1178,"The alleged gunman in a shooting on Parliament Hill Wednesday is 32-year-old Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, sources have confirmed to Global News. Though little is known so far about the man alleged to have shot and killed Canadian soldier Nathan Cirillo, a Montreal criminal court database shows a man with the same name was arrested five times while living in Montreal."
1179,"Supporters of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria militant group have recently circulated pictures of the “Cub of Baghdadi,” who they say is the youngest ISIS “martyr” from the Arabian Peninsula to have been killed in Syria."
1180,"The importance of wearing a helmet when on the field of battle has been perfectly illustrated in a video uploaded to YouTube by a US Marine. In the video above, three Marines are seen to move through a building in search of a source of gunfire. As they near a doorway in single file, a bullet suddenly bounces off the Kevlar helmet of the middle soldier. The three men then quickly retreat to the back of the building to inspect the damage to the soldier's helmet. After ascertaining that the Marine is unharmed, they regroup to consider their options. Afghanistan veteran Sam Arnold says that the video was shot while ""conducting a joint"
1182,The IS released a video purporting to show the execution of British aid worker David Haines.
1183,"""Multiple unconfirmed sources"" report that Haines has been beheaded by ISIS."
1184,"Kids these days. New York Magazine recently profiled Mohammed Islam, a 17-year-old senior at Manhattan's Stuyvesant High School who decided to start trading stocks during his lunch break and found himself all the richer for it. $72 million richer, to be precise. Islam, the son of Bengali immigrants from Queens, is the president of the school's Investment Club and has been profiled by Business Insider for his financial acumen. Mo, as he's known, won't disclose his full net worth but says it's in ""the high eight figures."" Mo's got an apartment in Midtown Manhattan, though his parents"
1185,"In an alarmist bombshell statement that intersects both America's war on terror and its fight to secure the border with Mexico, Rep. Duncan Hunter said ISIS fighters have been caught attempting to cross into the U.S."
1187,"An American hostage in Yemen held by al-Qaeda has been freed, according to statements from the country’s defense ministry on Saturday, however his sister has received information of his death."
1190,"Big Bank Hank, one of the founding members of iconic 1980s hip hop group The Sugarhill Gang, died early Tuesday morning after a battle with cancer. He was 57."
1192,"update An Iraqi official today denied that a woman detained in Lebanon yesterday is the wife of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, as confusion continues to reign over the identity of a woman and child captured by the Lebanese army near the border with Syria, AP reported. Iraqi Interior Ministry spokesman Saad Maan Ibrahim told AP that the woman in question was indeed called Saja al-Dumani, as reported yesterday. However, Ibrahim said she is not al-Baghdadi's wife, as Lebanese officials had claimed. Instead, she is the sister of Omar Abdul Hamid al-Du"
1195,"Islamist group’s leader, Abubakar Shekau, rules out future talks with government and says girls have been married off since being kidnapped more than six months ago"
1196,"An illustration created in response to the Charlie Hedbo attack, titled ""Break one, thousand will rise,"" was drawn by graffiti artist Banksy. False Example: [Collected via Twitter, January 2015] Banksy shares simple but beautiful tribute to Charlie Hebdo cartoonists http://t.co/Q7qjsgOKB9 pic.twitter.com/D5PEFmEgtC— HuffPostArts&Culture (@HuffPostArts) January 8, 2015 Origins: In the days following the 7 January 2015 terror attack at the headquarters of French satirical magazine Charlie Hedbo in Paris, artists from around the world shared"
1197,U.S. officials Tuesday expressed fears that Islamist militants who allegedly stole 11 jetliners in Libya last month could carry out a 9/11-style attack in North Africa days before the 13th anniversary of the terror attack on the United States.
1198,"ISIS video screenshot What We Know So Far Updates The Guardian posted this enhanced audio of Emwazi’s voice from a January 2015 video: w.soundcloud.com Cage UK, a counter-terrorism activist group which had discussions with Emwazi before he left for Syria, has issued a statement blaming British foreign policy for his radicalisation: “Like Michael Adebolajo, suffocating domestic policies aimed at turning a person into an informant but which prevent a person from fulfilling their basic life needs would have left a lasting impression on Emwazi. He desperately wanted to use the system to change his situation, but the system ultimately rejected him.” “We"
1201,"Citigroup Jim Suva on Apple Watch: We expect Apple to give specifics on the launch time, price, and geographic locations, which we estimate as: Launch date: April 16th; Price points: $350, $550 and $950; with a launch limited to the U.S., followed by Europe and Asia in the subsequent months. A flurry of fashionable accessories including various colors and materials (plastic, leather, and metal, including high-end metals such as gold, silver and platinum), starting at $29 and ranging over several hundred dollars. We expect features to include Apple Pay, adjustable notifications due to personal frequency and preferences, Apple Health"
1202,Authorities are close to identifying the black-clad Islamic State jihadist who beheaded an American journalist — and a prime suspect is a British-born rapper who left his parent’s million-dollar home last year to fight in Syria.
1205,"If Asbos weren’t out of control before, they could be now, after a six foot mechanical polar bear was allegedly threatened with one. Bernard the polar bear has stood outside The Loft Café, in Shefford, Bedfordshire, since December 1 and has delighted children with his Christmas inspired singing and dancing."
1206,"President Barack Obama spoke Wednesday on the execution of American journalist James Foley at the hands of Islamic State militants, warning the group that they have no place in the 21st century."
1208,"A husband who thought the voicemail message of his late wife he had been saving was lost forever has been reunited with it after 14 years, describing hearing her voice again as ""just a wonderful, wonderful sound"". Stan Beaton kept the outgoing voicemail message following his wife Ruby's death in 2003, but technical work carried out by Virgin Media caused it to be deleted. The telecoms company managed to restore it however, much to the 68-year-old's delight. ""They've made this old age pensioner extremely happy,"" he said. ""It's just a wonderful, wonderful sound that I thought was lost forever."
1210,"Call it Newton's third law of Apple analysts: For every extreme reaction one way, there is an equally extreme reaction the other. In this case, what that means is that while some doomsayers are happy to write off the Apple Watch as the worst thing Apple has done since building its own smartphone, taking on the music industry with iTunes, [...]"
1212,"Tiger Woods divorced Swedish model Elin Nordegren in 2010, but he’s only now decided to unload his private island near Stockholm. The Los Angeles Times reports the luxury property has an asking price of $7.1 million. The agency searching for a buyer made no secret of Woods’ motivation to sell. Sabine Rollinger, of Vladi Private Islands, said the property is of little practical use to the golf superstar. “This island was owned by Tiger Woods but after his divorce he doesn’t need an island in Sweden any more.” Nordegren told People in May of 2014 that she and Woods live a 25-minute drive"
1213,"Nicaraguan officials say a meteorite gouged out a crater near the nation's capital city over the weekend, but scientists aren't so sure. A committee formed by the Nicaraguan government determined that a new, 39-foot-wide (12 meters) crater found near the capital Managua's international airport was blasted out by a space rock strike Saturday night (Sept."
1214,"The Scottish SPCA posted this picture to its Facebook page this afternoon. The charity said the dog was found on Friday evening tied to railings at Ayr railway station along with a suitcase full of his belongings, which included a pillow, a toy, a food bowl, and food. The charity added: “The 2–3-year-old Shar-Pei cross is microchipped and we were able to find out his name is Kai.” Scottish SPCA inspector Stewart Taylor said: The dog is microchipped and we were able to find out his name is Kai. We contacted the owner registered to the microchip, who stated they had sold Kai on Gumtree in"
1215,"""We needed the best actor on the board in a certain age range and that's Chris Bale."" Christian Bale didn't have to audition to win the role of late Apple CEO Steve Jobs in an upcoming biopic, says screenwriter Aaron Sorkin. ""Well, there was a meeting,"" Sorkin told Bloomberg Television in an interview confirming that the Dark Knight star will play Jobs. ""We needed the best actor on the board in a certain age range and that's Chris Bale."" Sorkin, the writer behind television shows like The West Wing and The Newsroom, is adapting Walter Isaacson's 2011 biography for the big screen"
1217,"From Batman to technology pioneer, Oscar-winning actor Christian Bale is reportedly in “late talks” to play Steve Jobs in Sony Pictures’ upcoming biopic about the Apple co-founder’s life, Variety reports. If Variety is correct, not only will the film have Bale, who has played Moses in Ridley Scott’s biblical film and Batman in the “Dark Knight” trilogy, it will also have a director and screenwriter with an Academy Award under his belt. Aaron Sorkin won an Oscar in 2011 for writing “The Social Network,” the 2010 film about Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook’s humble start in 2003. (RELATED: First Full"
1219,"LONDON — The identity of the masked executioner clutching a knife in ISIS beheading propaganda videos was revealed on Thursday. A U.S. intelligence official confirmed to NBC News that a Londoner named Mohammed Emwazi is the person known as ""Jihadi John"" in the ISIS videos. The militant's identity was first reported by The Washington Post, which cited ""friends and others with familiar with his case."" The BBC also named the individual without citing sources. Emwazi is a Briton born in Kuwait who is known to intelligence services, according to the BBC and the Washington Post. The Washington Post reported that Emwazi grew up in"
1221,TBS speeds up Seinfeld 7.5% to gain an extra 2 minutes of commercial ad time.
1222,"Not news: A fabricated story coming out of North Korea. News: It's not North Korea doing the fabricating! It's being widely reported that Kim Jong-Un is considering Scotland for his next restaurant venture, which will feature dog meat on the menu. What's not being reported is... well, anyone ever saying that in the first place. We're here to help you, the reader, mull through all the hot garbage being served up today by telling you exactly what we know, and pointing out the news organizations that are spreading misinformation. Yes, it's FACT or SHITE time! FACT"
1223,"""Shrooms in the queen's garden"" may sound like a trippy 1960s song title, but it's actually a fact. Hallucinogenic mushrooms have been discovered on the grounds of Buckingham Palace in London — which is home to Britain's Queen Elizabeth."
1224,ISIS released a video purportedly showing the execution of British aid worker David Haines.
1225,"A 26-year-old woman from Chengdu, in China's southwest Sichuan Province, has taken an unusual approach to mending her broken heart: spending a week inside Kentucky Fried Chicken, gorging on the food."
1226,"Though Christian Bale was in final talks to play Steve Jobs in an upcoming biopic, the actor has reportedly decided to pass on the part, as he allegedly did not feel he was the right person to play the iconic figure on film."
1227,"A supposed Catholic priest's claims of seeing God as a woman when he died for 48 minutes are being described as a hoax. The Sun reported a man known as Father John Micheal O'Neal was declared dead by doctors at the Massachusetts General Hospital, near Boston, after suffering a massive heart attack but awoke 48 minutes later claiming he had seen God."
1231,"Police in Russia are tracking a gang - apparently including a doctor - who drugged a TV soap actor and removed his testicles. Dmitry Nikolaev, 30, had a drink with a 'young blonde woman' who approached him at a bar after he finished a performance at a small Moscow theatre. Flirting with him, she invited him to a sauna, and though he was married, he agreed to go with her. Scroll down for video Dmitry Nikolaev, a married TV actor whose testicles were removed by a gang after he was apparently drugged in a bar in Moscow 'They kissed and had some more beer and after that the actor remembers nothing,"
1233,"The reported assaults raise concerns that the militants are attempting to hone their chemical weapons capabilities as they push to seize more ground. The presence of a large former Iraqi chemical weapons production plant in territory seized by the Islamic State has compounded those fears, though officials and chemical weapons experts say the 2,500 degraded rockets filled with nerve agents that remain there are unlikely to be fit for use. The attack on the police officers last month is the only one officially documented. Chlorine, a common component in industry, is sold legally, but its use as a weapon violates the Chemical Weapons Convention. The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said last month that chlorine"
1234,"In a sprawling Facebook post and subsequent interview with Radar Online, a woman named Taylor Lianne Chandler has made a number of fascinating claims about herself and her alleged relationship with Michael Phelps. Among them: she was born intersex with ambiguous genitalia, met the Olympic swimmer on Tinder, and fucked said Olympic swimmer on their first date watching football on TV. ""Many of you have wondered why I was so freaked out about my relationship with Michael Phelps being exposed,"" the 41-year-old D.C.-area woman begins her post. ""Here is the truth."" I was born intersex and named David Roy Fitch"
1237,"It's being reported that one of the Batmobiles that are currently in Detroit for Batman Vs. Superman has been stolen. Details are slim as Bleeding Cool mentions they heard it, but not from whom, and they state WB hasn't responded to inquires. It's known that there are at two versions of the Batmobile in Detroit as two were spotted recently under a tarp. Cosmic Book News will update when more becomes available. This isn't the first time the film has had issues in Detroit as reportedly Henry Cavill almost got into a fight with a bunch of Detroit locals at a bar that dub themselves the ""De"
1239,"LAS VEGAS, Feb. 19 (UPI) -- Vice's Shane Smith got lucky in Las Vegas over the weekend and spent the money on a $300,000 steak dinner at the Bellagio. Bloomberg originally reported the story 12 unidentified guests racking up the large dinner tab. One guest said the party reached 25 people. Vice has received some negative attention for its low pay for journalists and producers but the company maintains they offer vacation, health benefits and stock options. Smith reportedly gave $1 million to staff at the Christmas party last year. New York Times journalist David Carr, who recently died, mentioned seeing Smith at the Casino in early January."
1240,"Google paid $585 million for six office buildings in Redwood City from two private investment firms. Google reportedly bought the properties at the waterfront Pacific Shores Center office park from Starwood Capital Group and Blackstone Group, according to Bloomberg News. Redwood City is approximately 11 miles northwest of Google's Mountain View campus. Star-Spangled Blunder: Lewis Is Latest National Anthem Casualty The new office buildings are likely so the tech company can expand hiring and acquisitions. Bloomberg News cites $1 billion in office-lease agreements made this month according to an SEC filing. “We expect to continue to hire aggressively for the remainder of 2014,” Google said in the document"
1242,"Over the weekend there was a rumor flying around that someone actually stole the Batmobile off the set of Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice. How cold something the big and bulky get stolen off a secure set, but stay hidden away in a major city like Detroit? While I may not know the insurance [...]"
1245,"YouTuber Josh Paler Lin is normally a prankster, but recently he decided to try a social experiment. He gave a homeless man $100 and followed him to see how he spent it. Expecting the guy to buy booze, Lin was shocked to see his subject walk out of a liquor store with bags full of food which he shared with other homeless people in the area. The man told Lin: ""There's things money can't buy and I get a happiness out of what I'm doing."" His actions touched the YouTube prankster so much, Lin handed over another $100."
1247,"On September 7, word started to fly around the Internet that Durex, the makers of finer safe sex products everywhere, were going to be releasing the most seasonally appropriate prophylactic ever made. Specifically, a pumpkin spice flavored condom: Unfortunately for aficionados who would like to follow up their latte with a lotta something else, the picture is a hoax, as MTV News found out when we reached out to Durex. “Durex has heard that people are saying we launched a ‘Pumpkin Spice’ condom,” Durex said in an official statement. “We can’t claim this one, but we do love it when people spice"
1249,"MANAGUA, Nicaragua — Nicaragua’s government said Sunday that a loud boom heard overnight by residents of the capital was made by a small meteorite that left a crater in a wooded area near the city’s airport."
1251,"Islamic State are using scorpions as bombs in their fight against the Iraqi army, it has emerged. The lethal animals are being launched at Iraqi residents by the jihadist fighters. IS, which has taken control over large areas of Iraq and Syria, are using the bombs to target civilians in the north of the country. Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, ex-head of chemical and biological weapons for the Army and Nato, told the Mirror: ""They promote the fact that they are doing it and it creates panic. ""Scorpions are robust – even if they are launched a couple of miles, when the canister breaks thousands are flung"
1252,"A second patient with Ebola symptoms walked into a Texas clinic today and told medics he had been in contact with first victim Thomas Duncan. The CareNow clinic in Frisco, Texas was placed in lock-down after the person appeared on Wednesday and was exhibiting signs of the deadly virus. The patient answered yes in a screening questionnaire to a question about travel to West Africa and is said to have contact with Duncan, referred to as ‘patient zero’. Mr Duncan, 42, died on Wednesday morning at Texas Presbyterian Hospital after developing symptoms of the disease almost two weeks ago. Scroll down for video An ambulance, driven by a firefighter-param"
1253,The United States Department of Defense said on Tuesday that it is “not out of the realm of the possible” that some of the weapons and ammunitions airdropped by the U.S. military near Kobani had fallen into the hands of the Islamic State group.
1254,"The Islamic State (IS) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has not been killed as has been previously claimed. He is wounded and being treated in the border area of Iraq and Syria. A few days ago, it was reported that al-Baghdadi had been killed by a U.S. airstrike near Mosul in Northern Iraq, an attack that left three other senior members of the militant group dead. However, a source told Iraqi media that the IS leader and self-proclaimed Caliph has not been killed, but is badly injured as a result of the recent US airstrikes near the Tel Afer and Sinjar"
1255,"The CBI has registered a case against Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh of Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda, in connection with the alleged forced castration of 400 of his followers. The agency has registered a case of criminal conspiracy against the Dera chief and his other followers for voluntarily causing grievous hurt with dangerous weapons, among other charges, under the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The case has been registered on the orders of the Punjab and Haryana High Court. A petition was filed in the high court in 2012 by a follower of Dera demanding a CBI inquiry and compensation for his alleged castration in 2000, CBI spokesperson"
1256,"US officials had said they were still investigating to see whether the strike on an al-Shabaab encampment had killed Godane, who reportedly trained with the Taliban in Afghanistan"
1258,TV gardener Alan Titchmarsh was surprised to find psychedelic mushrooms which cause vivid hallucinations growing in the garden at Buckingham Palace. The presenter found the red and white spotted toadstool called Amanita muscaria while filming an ITV gardening show called The Queen's Garden and said: 'I won't be eating any of that.' He was touring the private 40-acre site with ecology expert Professor Mick Crawley and asked him whether the fungus is edible. Professor Crawley replied saying: 'That depends what you mean. It's eaten in some cultures for its hallucinogenic effects. But it also makes people who eat it very
1260,Networks will do anything to squeeze in more commercials. They've started new episodes during the credits of the previous episode. They've plastered ads at the bottom of the screen in the middle of the episode. Now they're playing dirty by speeding through the episodes just to get in a few more minutes of precious ad time. [...]
1261,"Actual women. With ongoing outrage over the NFL's recent slew of scandals, it made perfect sense when ESPN announced it will hold a panel on domestic violence Monday night. But as the two organizations geared up this discussion about women and abuse in the world of sports, it quickly became painfully clear that women had been completely excluded from the table. As Esquire's Ben Collins pointed out last week, the panel will consist entirely of male commentators, while female reporters will be literally sidelined in the discussion. ""Up to 11 men, all between the ages of 39 and 74 will sit at the table for a domestic violence discussion on ESPN."
1262,"Christian Bale was set to portray Steve Jobs in the upcoming account of his life, Variety is today reporting that Seth Rogen will be at his side as Apple co-founder Steve Wozniack, also just known as ‘Woz’. Variety also says that Danny Boyle (best known for his work with Slumdog Millionaire) will be taking the director’s chair. The movie’s script is being penned by Aaron Sorkin, who worked on 2010’s The Social Network. It is based on Walter Isaacson’s popular biography, and follows last year’s biopic starring Ashton Kutcher."
1263,"An Iraqi official on Wednesday denied that a woman detained in Lebanon is a wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of Islamic State group."
1266,"A prominent Saudi Arabian cleric has reportedly issued a fatwa against building snowmen, arguing that the practice goes against Islamic teachings. “It is not permitted to make a statue out of snow, even by way of play and fun,” declared Sheikh Mohammed Saleh al-Munajjid, Reuters reported."
1267,"Lebanon’s military has detained a wife and child of the leader of the Islamic State, security officials said Tuesday. The spouse of another senior Islamic State commander was also detained by the army, officials said. The women and child might be able to offer insights into the activities of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and his inner circle. Or they could become bargaining chips for the release of hostages held by the militant group. A Lebanese intelligence official identified Baghdadi’s wife as Sagia Dulaimi and said she was detained last week with her 9-year-old daughter at the Madfoun checkpoint in northern Lebanon. Other media"
1268,"Vice Media CEO and co-founder Shane Smith, whose billion-dollar company was accused of underpaying its employees earlier this year, spent $300,000 on dinner at a Las Vegas hotel last month."
1269,"JJ Abrams is considering releasing his heavily anticipated Star Wars: The Force Awakens this summer, according to unconfirmed reports from Ikwiz and Movie Pilot. The film has a current release date of December 18 2015. According to Movie Pilot, the director is losing patience with the constant stream of plot and image leaks from the Star Wars set, and believes that shifting to an earlier release date will mean the film isn't ""ruined"" before fans can see it. The Ikwiz article states: ""Disney is reportedly taking Abrams’ request very seriously, and is looking at a possible summer release."" While neither website has an official source for"
1271,"Axl Rose is not dead, despite internet reports to the contrary — but that should come as no surprise to fans who by now have surely grown tired of the seemingly endless stream of online hoaxes falsely reporting the death of just about every major celebrity, and plenty of minor celebs as well."
1273,"The Bostonian Society, which oversees the building, had expected it to contain a potpourri of photographs and newspaper clippings from the period, along with a missive to future generations penned by a group of Boston journalists. The time capsule was placed inside the lion's head in 1901 and then forgotten, even as waves of tourists visited the building that once served as a fulcrum of British rule in the northern colonies and later as the first seat of Massachusetts state government. The society first learned of the possible existence of the time capsule three years ago from the great-great-granddaughter of Samuel Rogers, a craftsman who had worked on renovations to"
1274,"The White House intruder who jumped a fence and made it inside the White House just over a week ago overtook a Secret Service agent and managed to run into the East Room, which is often used for presidential addresses, the Washington Post reported Monday."
1277,"Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri spoke with Apple's supply chain to learn that the Apple Watch will most likely come in two different storage capacities: 4GB and 8GB. Arcuri believes the 4GB edition will be the more popular mainstream version, noting that the 8GB watch probably won't be the default configuration. Both Samsung's Gear 2 and Sony's Smartwatch 3 also come with 4GB of storage space. Arcuri's supply chain sources also said the wireless chip inside Apple's watch would come with a GPS radio, which is odd given that Apple said its watch would need to be connected to"
1278,"Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos has a plan to boost the readership of The Washington Post, which he bought last year for $250 million. Amazon's newest line of high-end Kindle Fire HDX tablets will come pre-installed with an app curating Post news and photography, Brad Stone reports for Bloomberg. The effort is reportedly called ""Project Rainbow"" internally, and marks Bezos' first move to create ties between the newspaper and Amazon. Amazon has made a huge bet on original content, like television shows and video games, to add value to its devices through its subscription service, Amazon Prime, and adding Washington Post's news could"
1280,Would you pay five grand for the high-end luxury edition of the Apple Watch? That's the starting price that Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster sees in his crystal ball.
1281,"On Thursday evening, thousands of people took to Twitter to share the #MacklemoreJoinedISS, mercilessly trolling the 9/11 truther based on a bogus tweet."
1283,"Browse Vladimir Putin latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Vladimir Putin at abcnews.com"
1288,"The missing American freelance photo-journalist James Wright Foley has reportedly been beheaded by ISIS - in a message to the United States to end its intervention in Iraq. Foley has been missing since November 22, 2012, reporting from Syria. ISIS posted extremely graphic pictures and video online to social media as proof of their barbaric action."
1289,"A new rumor making the rounds today claims that on a recent trip to Germany Apple CEO Tim Cook was overheard telling a retail employee that the waterproofing of the Apple Watch has improved since it was unveiled last year, apparently it can even be worn in the shower, when this device was shown off for the first time the company didn’t say if it was waterproof enough to be worn while swimming or taking a shower. The rumor from iGen.fr claims that Cook was speaking to employees at a retail store in Berlin where he told them that the wears his Apple Watch everywhere, “even in the shower.” It should be kept in mind"
1291,"Apple is shifting its retail strategy for the Apple Watch to deliver a more personalized shopping experience, according to The Wall Street Journal. The report claims that Apple Stores will accept in-store reservations for customers to try on the Apple Watch and corroborates that Apple is training its retail employees to help customers choose an Apple Watch model that suits them best. The report, citing sources familiar with the matter, adds that the high-end Apple Watch Edition will have scratch-resistant gold, which an in-depth analysis over the weekend revealed is because Apple mixes the metal with low-density ceramic particles. Apple is also said to have studied a platinum"
1292,"A powerful message from Lego to parents from 1974 went viral over the weekend - and now the company has confirmed that it is indeed authentic. It was first posted on Reddit by user fryd_ first and informed parents the &ldquo;urge to create is equally strong in all children: Boys and girls&rdquo;. Speaking to i100.co.uk, Emma Owen of Lego UK and Ireland said the letter was part of a pamphlet showing a variety of Lego doll house products targeted at girls aged four and up from the 1970s. Null Commenting on the message, fryd_ first said &ldquo;it"
1293,"ISIS claimed Friday that a 26-year-old female American hostage was killed in an airstrike in Syria, according to NBC News partners Flashpoint Intelligence. Defense..."
1294,"Kim Yo-jong, the younger sister of North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, has allegedly taken over state duties while her brother receives medical treatment."
1295,A Canadian-Israeli woman who was feared kidnapped by the Islamic State over the weekend appears to have posted a message on Facebook debunking reports of her capture.
1296,"Kim Jong Un, the North Korean leader who has mysteriously been missing from the public eye for almost a month, is merely recovering from ankle surgery, a South Korean newspaper reported."
1298,A ceasefire agreement between Boko Haram and the Nigerian government was expected to lead to the liberation of more than 200 school girls kidnapped by the militants six months ago. That was not the case.
1299,"Christian Bale has withdrawn from the role of Steve Jobs in a forthcoming biopic of the Apple entrepreneur, after'much deliberation and conflicting feelings'. By Alex Hern"
1301,"Elusive graffiti artist Banksy’s cover was blown when he was unceremoniously arrested for vandalism, conspiracy, racketeering and counterfeiting. Well that’s what US website the National Report would have you believe. The bogus story alleged the infamous street artist was arrested following a raid on his London studio. It ‘outs’ him as Paul Horner, a 34-year-old born in Liverpool and says he is being held “without” bail, along with four other, unnamed individuals. Banksy's publicist Jo Brooks confirmed to the Independent the now viral story is a hoax. Indeed the quotes which accompany the piece date back to an identical"
1302,"While hype around the Apple Watch has remained steady, one factor has hurt consumers' interest: No one has known when it's arriving. All that Apple revealed was that the device — its first foray into wearables — would be unveiled sometime in early 2015. Does that mean right after New Year's? Or early Spring? Now, we're getting a clearer idea on the release date for the Apple Watch. Sources familiar with the product’s development told 9to5Mac that the device is on track to ship by the end of March. Additionally, multiple sources revealed that Apple is planning a comprehensive testing program to train retail store"
1303,"Video - Fake news / Satire Circulating since: Feb. 2015 Status: False (see details below) Example #1: Via WorldNewsDailyReport.com, Feb. 4, 2015: CATHOLIC PRIEST WHO DIED FOR 48 MINUTES CLAIMS THAT GOD IS A WOMAN February 4th, 2015 | by Barbara Johnson Boston| A Catholic priest from Massachussetts was officially dead for more than 48 minutes before medics were able to miraculously re-start his heart. During that time, Father John Micheal O’neal claims he went to heaven and met God, which he describes as a warm and comforting motherly figure. The"
1305,"Cuban dissidents and Cuban-American media are reporting that Havana is plagued with the most serious rumors in months that former dictator Fidel Castro has died, after the one-year anniversary of Castro's last public appearance transpired without fanfare on Thursday."
1306,"A U.S. airstrike killed the leader of a Somali terrorist group Monday, the Pentagon confirmed Friday. Al Shabab head Ahmed Abdi Godane — who was considered one of the world's most wanted men — was the 'the principal target' of the attack, officials said Tuesday when they announced the strike."
1307,"A sister at an Italian convent has unexpectedly become a mother after giving birth following complaints of stomach pains, local media reports. According to Corriere Adriatico, the nun had no idea that she was pregnant when she was rushed into hospital by fellow members of the cloistered all-female convent in the central city of Macerata. When ultrasound showed that she was heavily pregnant, the woman - who is originally from South America - was immediately taken to delivery the baby, the website says. Asked about the surprise news, the local Archbishop of Camerino-San Severino said it up to the unidentified sister if she wanted to stay within"
1308,"Some iPhone 6 users say they are literally pulling out their hair. Users claim the new Apple device catches strands of hair between the phone's screen and the metal frame, pulling beard hair and head hair out when they move the phone away from their head. People took to Twitter using the hashtags #hairgate and #beardgate to voice their grievances. This newest ""gate"" follows complaints a few weeks ago that the phone bends under pressure, an issue that became known as #Bendgate. ""If you buy an iPhone 6, you better be totally bald #HairGate,"" @redletter tweeted. iPhone 6 user @philquinn"
1311,"Two Australian men claim to have the oldest burger in the world - at a staggering 20 years old. In 1995 Adelaide residents Casey Dean, 14, and his mate Eduard Nitz, 13, stopped off at their local McDonald’s to pick up some burgers. Among them was a Quarter Pounder with cheese they’d bought for another kid. That kid never turned up, but they didn’t eat his burger. Ever. Now the boys have become men and the burger has turned 20. “We’re pretty sure it’s the oldest burger in the world,” Mr Dean said. ahmerkhokhar.com Casey Dean"
1312,The Tripoli airport siege led to the disappearance of several commercial planes. Now countries on both shores of the Mediterranean are worried about how the missing aircraft might be used by terrorists.
1313,"Earlier today, the Detroit media reported on rumors that the Batmobile had been stolen from the Batman V. Superman: Dawn of Justice set. It turns out that the rumors were just as absurd as they sounded."
1314,"British intelligence agencies MI5 and MI6 have identified the man suspected of the horrific beheading of American journalist James Foley, according to UK media reports. The hooded man with an English accent is believed to be 23-year-old Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary, known to fellow Islamic State militants as Jihadi John. The former rapper left his family home in an affluent west London suburb last year to fight in the civil war in Syria. In early August he tweeted a photo of himself wearing military camouflage and a black hood, while holding a severed head in his left hand. British SAS forces are hunting Foley's killers, using"
1315,"The identity of the couple behind the mega-successful DC Toys Collector Youtube channel has finally been uncovered. Reportedly the highest paid creators on Youtube, having raked in an estimated $5 million in 2014, DC Toys Collector is allegedly 29-year-old, Brazilian-born Daiane DeJesus, a former adult film actress known as Sandy Summers, and her husband, Messias Credido, according to the Daily Mail. DeJesus’s porn star past could explain why the mega-successful Youtuber has chosen to stay anonymous despite months-long digging from numerous media outlets covering her channel’s surprising popularity. With over 5.2 billion views to"
1317,"Breitbart Texas has confirmed the existence of an Islamic tribunal in Texas that will make judgments in accordance with Sharia law. The website for the Islamic tribunal states: “It is with this issue that Muslims here in America are obligated to find a way to solve conflicts and disputes according to the principles of Islamic Law and its legal heritage of fairness and justice in a manner that is reasonable and cost effective.” Advertisement-content continues below The website states that Sharia’s well known criminal law, which includes things like cutting off hands of offenders, is only a portion of Sharia law. This tribunal would not do such things, but will focus on civil Sharia"
1318,"(Reuters) - Even in India, where government jobs are considered to be for life, A.K. Verma was pushing it. Verma, an executive engineer at the Central Public Works Department, was fired after last appearing for work in December 1990."
1319,"A TV weatherman was caught with his trousers down - literally - when a news report cut to him ""using the bathroom."" NBC Nightly anchorman Lester Holt in the New York studio cut to an outdoor weather forecast but his man in the field was busy having a crafty wee in the bushes. Weatherman Mike Seidel obviously thought he had enough time to have a quick tinkle before presenting his segment, but when a cameraman shouted for him to look lively he just turned round, muttering ""why?"" Seidel is seen doing up his flies and putting his gloves back on (we're sure he usually washes his hands) as the all"
1320,"A photograph has emerged of what appears to be a penis-shaped graffiti picture drawn on a £1.5million Bugatti Veyron. The image - which is thought to have been taken in Seattle - prompted a mixed response from online users after it was posted on Reddit this week, with some appearing to revel in the crude drawing. One person said; ""The spray paint is almost an improvement"", while another wrote; ""If you can afford a Bugatti, you can afford to park it in a secure lot."" But others condemned the graffiti artist for vandalism. A Reddit user said: ""This hurts me to look at. You never f***"
1321,"Hear about the Australian man who had a spider crawl into his body through his appendix scar and all the way up to his sternum? As much as our collective morbid curiosity kind of wants it to be true, scientists have come to lend some healthy perspective to the situation. spider-neck Did it really happen? Image: schankz/Shutterstock Yesterday it was reported in The Age that an Australian man had experienced something rather strange and all kinds of horrifying during a trip to Bali. After feeling a “searing sensation” around his abdomen near his old appendix scar, Dylan Thomas from Bunbury in Western Australia says he found out"
1323,"(Reuters) - Online retailer Amazon.com Inc AMZN.O> will release a new ad-supported video streaming service early next year, the New York Post reported, citing sources. The service will be separate from the company's $99-a-year Prime membership, which includes a video service, the Post reported."
1325,"According to the New York Post's Page Six, an NBC source says that Tom Brokaw wants Brian Williams' ""head on a platter"" after the anchor recanted his story about taking incoming fire in Iraq on Wednesday. ""He is making a lot of noise at NBC that a lesser journalist or producer would have been immediately fired or suspended for a false report,"" said the source. The Post reports that Williams' fabrication was long-known at NBC, but at least one employee thinks the Nightly News anchor is unlikely to be punished. ""He is not going to be suspended or reprimanded in any way,"" a network"
1327,"At least now I know who to direct my sun rage at: 19-year-old Jess Smith, a first-year college student at Canterbury Christ Church University who claims she played the monster in the sky (not God). She filmed the part when she was nine months old and didn’t tell anyone outside of her family until “a game with her university friends – where they all had to say something about themselves that no one else would guess.” Finally, a freshman orientation that isn’t pointless. Miss Smith said: “I thought I may as well tell them as I’m going to be spending the next three years with"
1329,"Several hours after the Canadian Parliament shooting ended, CBS News identified Michael Zehaf-Bibeau as the now-deceased suspect who killed soldier Cpl. Nathan Cirillo at Ottawa's War Memorial. According to reports, Bibeau was a Canadian born in 1982. Montreal-based reporter Domenic Fazioli wrote that the suspect's name is found three times in that city's court database. ""Arrested twice for drug possession in Feb 2004 (marijuana and PCP),"" he noted. Witnesses describe Bibeau as wearing a black coat with blue jeans throughout the shootings, while his weapon of choice was a double-barrel"
1330,"A Canadian-Israeli woman who joined Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State militants earlier this month has been kidnapped by the group, Israeli media reported Sunday morning. Gill Rosenberg's kidnapping was reported by The Jerusalem Post as well as ynetnews.com, the English-language edition of Ynet, Israel's largest and most popular news website."
1331,"Ottawa shooting video shown by police The RCMP released security footage that showed Michael Zehaf Bibeau running towards Parliament with his gun drawn, carjacking a minister's car and attempting to make his final assault on Centre Block. In a lengthy press conference Thursday afternoon, RCMP Commissioner Bob Paulson also said Michael Zehaf Bibeau shot Cpl. Nathan Cirillo from behind, and the soldier did not see him coming. Zehaf Bibeau shot at a second soldier with Cpl. Cirillo, but missed. Police say the video shows Zehaf Bibeau was able to get from Wellington Street to Centre Block in about one minute"
1333,"For everyone out there who believed NBC Nightly News meteorologist Mike Seidel peed in the snow while on-camera, Brian Williams has some stern words for you and your ""social media."" Williams took time out of his broadcast last night to set the record straight, explaining that when Seidel lost communication with the station during a live report from a winter storm in North Carolina, he took his gloves off and dialed his phone. He did not, as some places report, ""write his name in the snow"" in urine. Thanks for letting us know, Bri."
1334,"SHOCKING footage shows a woman accused of sleeping with someone else's husband being savagely beaten in broad daylight as passers-by watched on. It's the latest in a string of copycat attacks in China, including one a month ago when a half-naked woman was stamped on by a stiletto-wearing rival. Locals say such scraps go ignored because there is an acceptance that love cheats are deserving of a beating having caused a man to cheat on his partner. In this latest incident, accused Lin Yao Li, 38, was ambushed by four women as she walked home from shops in Puyang, in eastern China'"
1335,"Texas Turkey Farm Contaminated With Ebola, Over 250,000 Holiday Turkeys Infected. A Texas turkey farm employee is now under quarantine after he tested positive for the Ebola virus."
1336,"Two U.S. officials say they believe American journalist James Foley was the victim executed by ISIS militants as shown in a grisly video released Tuesday. Separately, Foley’s family confirmed his death in a statement posted on a webpage that was created to rally support for his release."
1337,"Isis militants in Syria say that US-led coalition air strikes have killed Kayla Jean Mueller, an American aid worker, who was being held hostage by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (known as Isis). Social media sites used by the group said Ms Mueller, 26, was killed in coalition air strikes on the Isis stronghold at Raqqa, a city in northern Syria."
1338,"The news has gone around the world, including fishing enthusiasts and more: Dino Ferrari and the twin brother Dario, who scored a record-fishing along the river Po. On February 19, in the province of Mantua, have in fact captured a huge torpedo from the weight of 127 kg and a length of 267 centimeters. shadow carouselCatfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish in the Guinness book Catfish"
1339,"Tiger Woods' agent responded Monday to inflammatory allegations made by little-known pro Dan Olsen, who said on the Mad Dog in the Morning radio show last week that Woods is serving a suspension for a failed drug test."
1340,Boko Haram thinks all the truce talk is hilarious. At least that is what it seems like judging from a video released Friday to Nigerian media that purported to show the terrorist group’s leader Abubakar Shekau laughing off claims that it had reached a ceasefire with the government and that the more than 200 girls the group kidnapped six months ago were close to being released.
1341,"BEIRUT, Oct 17- Iraqi pilots who have joined Islamic State in Syria are training members of the group to fly in three captured fighter jets, a group monitoring the war said on Friday, saying it was the first time the militant group had taken to the air. The group, which has seized swathes of land in Syria and Iraq, has been flying the planes over the captured al-Jarrah..."
1342,"Michael Phelps' self-proclaimed girlfriend Taylor Lianne Chandler has just made a shocking admission. In a post on her Facebook, Chandler is revealing she was actually born a boy, and named David Roy Fitch at birth. As a teenager however Chandler went on testosterone blockers and had her name changed and then, in her early twenties, underwent corrective surgery to get rid of her male genitalia"
1343,"Rumors of Ebola turned out to be far more contagious than the virus itself this weekend as online media whipped up a feverish story, later disproven, of a suspected Ebola case in Kansas City."
1344,"According to a new report from 9to5Mac, a new MacBook Air is coming. The new computer is alleged to have a12-inch screen, but remain about the size of the 11-inch model via reduced bezels on all sides. Possibly even cooler than that is the computer is said to be an actual thing, not like the iPad Pro we keep hearing about. Sources inside Apple claim to have been hands-on with the new device, which is also lighter than existing MacBook Airs. Aside from sporting a larger screen and lighter design, there are several other interesting nuances, here. The new-look MacBook is sporting"
1346,"THE ISLAMIC State murderer dubbed 'Jihadi John' has been named as Mohammed Emwazi from west London, according to reports. It is understood that he was known to British security services who chose not..."
1347,"The Apple Watch might be water resistant, according to comments reported by French site iGen (via AppleInsider). Either that or it's a misunderstanding, and we don't really know which. Apple CEO Tim Cook reportedly told employees at an Apple Store in Berlin that he wears his Apple Watch everywhere, ""even in the shower."" Apple has not officially designated the Apple Watch as either water proof or water resistant. If Mr. Cook actually said he wears his in the shower, it could indicate that Apple will market the device as one or the other. The problem is the report is hearsay, and there could be some translation"
1349,"A woman who claims to be the girlfriend of Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps revealed in a Facebook post that she was born intersex, a fact she has not previously revealed to Phelps, among others."
1351,"There may be yet another bug in iOS 8, Apple's latest version of its mobile operating system for iPhone and iPad. This time, some users are reporting that anybody trying to reset the settings on their iPhone could accidentally delete all of their documents saved in iCloud, Apple's online backup service. MacRumors reports that multiple users of its forums have reported an issue when attempting to reset all settings on their iPhone. Apple informs you as you reset your phone settings that ""no data or media will be deleted,"" but people are claiming that the reset wipes all of their iCloud Drive documents. The existence of the bug is not yet"
1352,"J.J. Abrams' heavily anticipated Star Wars: The Force Awakens is currently slated to open in theaters this Dec. 18, 2015. But if there's truth to these recent release date rumors, the sequel could be hitting the cinemas on an earlier schedule."
1355,"LONDON (Reuters) - No suspected cases of Ebola have been found in Iraq, despite reports to the contrary in Iraqi media in the past week, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday."
1356,"This is the man being hailed a hero for reportedly shooting a gunman who went on the rampage inside the Canadian Parliament. Sergeant-at-arms Kevin Vickers is being praised by politicians for'selflessly keeping them safe' following today's terrifying shooting spree, with unconfirmed reports he was the one who took the suspect down. This is Canadian Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers who reportedly shot & killed one assailant. Ex-Mountie. Still got it. pic.twitter.com/jZr0jLvgEx— Allie Renison (@AllieRenison) October 22, 2014 Kevin Vickers, Sergeant-At"
1357,"There's an illustration being shared on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter that claims to be a tribute created by street artist Banksy in response to the terrorist attack that killed 12 people near the offices of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris earlier today."
1358,"It's not every night that a pizza delivery driver receives a $2,000 tip. But that's what happened Thursday to one Ann Arbor driver who delivered a single pizza to a conference room full of more than 200 realtors from Michigan and northern Ohio on Thursday. Pizza House delivery manager Brian LeFevre said he received a call Thursday morning from a man who said they wanted one pizza delivered to the Sheraton Hotel in Ann Arbor. ""They said they wanted it at 2:20 p.m. on the dot,"" LeFevre said. ""I gave it to our delivery driver and he went down there and took it to the front desk"
1359,"""Users who try to use anonymity, or cover themselves up on the internet, are usually doing things that aren’t so-to-speak legal; we have the right to terminate, fine, or suspend your account at anytime due to you violating the rules -- Do you have any other questions?"" That's from a Comcast customer, who says it's a transcript of a conversation s/he had with a Comcast rep after noticing that Tor, an online privacy- and anonymity-enhancing tool loathed by the NSA, was blocked on her/his Internet connection. Comcast Declares War on Tor? [Nathan"
1360,"KFC (NYSE:YUM) Gets Occupational Business License To Sell Marijuana In Colorado Restaurants. In the state of Colorado, cannabis clinics are big industry – earning some retailers nearly $1 million per year. Those numbers made an impact on the KFC Corporation, they made the decision to include a pot dispensary to be a part [...]"
1361,"In a new video, ISIS shows American-made weapons it says were intended for the Kurds but actually were air dropped into territory they control. At least one bundle of U.S. weapons airdropped in Syria appears to have fallen into the hands of ISIS, a dangerous misfire in the American mission to speed aid to Kurdish forces making their stand in Kobani."
1362,"Our Retina MacBook Air rumour article brings together everything we know or can plausibly predict about Apple's next MacBook Air laptop: a laptop that we're pretty sure will come with a Retina display. We're also interested in rumours that Apple will be launching its next MacBook Air in a new size: one based on a 12in screen. We report on (and analyse for credibility) all the rumours about every aspect of the new MacBook Air with Retina display: its release date, so you'll know exactly when the new Retina MacBook Air will launch; the Retina MacBook Air's specs, features and design; its"
1363,Erdogan argued that the Turkish weapons drop has harmed the fight against ISIS.
1364,"A devoted fish owner in Norfolk, England, took his constipated fish to the veterinarian, only to learn that a lump near its backside was the cause."
1365,"Rachel Martin speaks with Carol Leonnig of The Washington Post, who found that the recent fence jumper at the White House, Omar Gonzalez, got much further into the building than previously reported."
1368,"The New York Police Department will no longer arrest people for low-level marijuana possession, according to people with knowledge of the city's drug strategy who spoke on condition of anonymity. The NYPD will issue violation summonses to people caught with marijuana -- instead of putting them in handcuffs and taking them to a precinct. The summonses will require people to appear in court at a later date and pay a fine. Few details on the new policy were immediately available, but an official with one of the city's five district attorneys offices confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Monday that the change ""is happening."" The official added that ""burning marijuana"""
1369,"Unconfirmed reports are circulating on social media that the Islamic State group carried out a chemical attack while battling Kurdish forces in Kobani. Several journalists reporting from the ground on Tuesday night -- and at least one Kurdish official -- said they were aware of such reports, but that doctors lack necessary equipment to diagnose the cause of Kurdish victims' complaints. The patients said they had difficulty breathing, and many had burns on their skin, teary eyes and swollen lips. Syria (as well as Iraq) is thought to possess chemical weapons, and the U.S. and coalition forces have feared that such weapons might fall into ISIS hands. ""It could"
1370,"ESPN continues to try to thread the needle between holding the NFL to account for its handling of various domestic abuse scandals and maintaining its $15 billion broadcasting deal with the NFL that keeps everyone involved in the manner to which they've grown accustomed. This self-contradiction was encapsulated in the suspension of Bill Simmons for opining on what ESPN's own reporting had concluded about the NFL. In that spirit, ESPN will feature Monday night a Deep Meaningful on domestic violence (not the network's first). But per Esquire's Ben Collins: The panel for that discussion will include the following people: Chris Berman, Cris Carter, Mike"
1371,"Pope Francis has given hope to gays, unmarried couples and advocates of the Big Bang theory. Now, he has endeared himself to dog lovers, animal-rights activists and vegans. Trying to console a distraught young boy whose dog had died, Francis told him in a recent public appearance on St. Peter’s Square that “paradise is open to all of God’s creatures.” While it is unclear whether the pope’s remarks helped soothe the child, they were welcomed by groups such as the Humane Society and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, which saw them as a repudiation of conservative Catholic theology that says animals"
1372,"FACT CHECKER | 11 airliners are missing from Tripoli airport in Libya, but there's no evidence they've been stolen or diverted to other countries."
1374,"The man in the black balaclava who has seemed to have beheaded several foreign hostages in Islamic State videos has been identified by British security services as Mohammed Emwazi, a British national from London."
1375,"To the victor go the spoils, and for Tiger Woods, winner of 14 major golf championships and one of the richest athletes on the planet, the spoils include, among other things, a private island in Sweden. Woods, who is expected to make his 2015 debut at the Phoenix Open later this month, has put the 62-acre island near Stockholm on the market for about $7.1 million."
1376,"The Department of Homeland Security definitively debunked the persistent right-wing media conspiracy theory that Islamic State fighters have attempted to cross the U.S.-Mexico border, saying the rumor is not supported by any ""credible intelligence"" and knocking the claim that the terrorists have been apprehended at the border as ""categorically false."""
1377,"An article saying a ""planetary alignment"" on January 4, 2015, ""will decrease gravity for 5 minutes"" and cause partial weightlessness is fake. Every year, there's been rumors about a so-called ""planetary alignment,"" but they're obviously fake. The hoax originated in the 1970s when British astronomer Patrick Moore made it up, telling his radio audience that the alignment would result in a gravitational pull that would make people lighter at 9:47 a.m. local time. As Time magazine noted in a 2011 article: The British media have a unique affinity for pulling April Fools' pranks, matched only by the British"
1379,"The video texting service Glide has verified the recording played by CNN this week of the purported shots in the Ferguson, Mo., killing of 18-year-old Michael Brown. In an e-mail to the Erik Wemple Blog, Glide head of communications Chaim Haas reports: Because Glide is the only messaging application using streaming video technology, each message is simultaneously recorded and transmitted, so the exact time can be verified to the second. In this case, the video in question was created at 12:02:14 PM CDT on Saturday, August 9th. Glide has also posted a note on its Web site. In a brief chat with"
1380,"Corporal Nathan Cirillo, 24, was shot in the chest by a masked gunman, who then rode off in a car The solider killed today by a masked gunman as he stood guard at the National War Memorial in Ottawa, Canada, has been named locally as Corporal Nathan Cirillo, while a deceased suspect has been identified as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Cirillo, 24, a reservist with the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders within the Canadian Armed Forces, was shot in the chest by the assailant. He was put in an ambulance but latter “succumbed to his injuries”, Ottawa Police said. The shooter then jumped into a"
1382,"BREAKING NEWS: Sources are reporting that Judd Nelson, best known for his roles as John Bender in The Breakfast Club, has been found dead at age 55. Multiple unconfirmed reports say Nelson was found dead Saturday evening in his Los Angeles condo, Sierra Towers after police responded to a 911 call for an unconscious man around 9:25 p.m. Although police have not yet released the man's identity, multiple occupants of the 31-story West Hollywood high-rise have confirmed that it was Nelson's condo police responded to and a single body was carried out of the apartment on a stretcher. The Los Angeles County Department of Medical Examiner-"
1383,"The former PricewaterhouseCoopers employee who says Comcast got him fired from his job set an Oct. 14 deadline for the company to respond to his demands of a full apology and a monetary settlement, and got a half-assed apology instead. Two days after the deadline passed, he stuck to his word and filed a lawsuit. Conal O'Rourke is going after Comcast and its controller, Lawrence Salva, for defamation, and arguing the company violated federal regulations with its poor service and overbilling. In his complaint, O'Rourke alleges that Salva, a former partner at PWC, called up an executive at PWC's Philadelphia office"
1384,"Check out this photo that shows how Chinese workers are used to manipulate App Store rankings. The photo has apparently gone viral in China. Huxiu reports that the photo was shared by a micro-blog today under the heading, ""It's Hard Being a Top App Worker."" The image shows a worker siting in front of hundreds of iPhones laid out on a rack that appears to have been specially designed for this purpose. The exposé, shown in the picture, displays a 'Top App list worker' in their work place, which features a simple shelf containing hundreds of iPhone 5Cs. In a room filled with such workstations"
1385,"A DESPERATE mother was tricked into feasting on cooked meat from the body of her son by Islamic State militants, it has been claimed. The famished Kurdish mother had gone to plead with the jihadists..."
1388,"A homeless man who became a YouTube sensation after he spent a $100 donation on food for his beggar friends has received a surprise meal, makeover and hotel stay in a new video released amid claims it is a hoax. The short film posted by'serial prankster' Josh Paler Lin shows Thomas, a man living on the streets of California, being taken to a sushi restaurant before staying in a hotel room complete with a hot tub on Christmas Eve. After a night's sleep the filmmaker then takes him to a hairdressers for a haircut and then to a mall where he buys a new suit. The videos, that have gained more than 26"
1392,"At least 80 Palestinian families have been evacuated after water levels in the Gaza Valley rose to almost three meters, according to Gaza's Ministry of Interior. The Gaza Ministry of Interior said in a statement on Sunday that civil defence services had worked alongside teams from the Minsitry of Public Works to evacuate families to shelters in al-Bureij refugee camp and in al-Zahra neighbourhood sponsored by UNRWA, the UN Relief and Works Agency. Brigadier Gerneral Said Al-Saudi, chief of the civil defence agency in Gaza, told Al Jazeera: ""More than 40 homes were flooded and 80 families are currently in"
1393,"Here's some news that may have slipped under the radar from yesterday, thanks to all of the Spider-Man news. A site called iKwiz is reporting that director J.J. Abrams, has asked Disney for the release date of Star Wars: Episode VII to be moved up from it's original release date. According to the site, Abrams had said it himself while addressing a group of attendees at the 2015 Visual Effects Society Awards about his frustration about the leaked pictures floating around the web. The site also states that Disney is taking Abrams' request very seriously. The site does not specify as to what date Abrams is"
1395,"Apple has asked its suppliers in Asia to make a combined five to six million units of its three Apple Watch models during the first quarter ahead of the product’s release in April, according to people familiar with the matter."
1397,"eBay may be developing an app for the Apple Watch which ties to its existing iPhone and iPad software, as per a job listing AppleInsider highlighted yesterday. Originally posted to eBay’s careers webpage in November, the ad was spotted recently on LinkedIn. The ad states the bespoke Watch app is being developed by the company’s New Technology Group, which employs over 200 engineers in product development in Portland. An ideal candidate will “design and implement elegant solutions for the Apple Watch that will complement our core iOS eBay app,” reads the ad. That line led AppleInsider to theorize that “Apple Watch owners may never need to worry about being out"
1398,"At least 10 Islamic State (ISIS) fighters were captured trying to cross the Mexico border into Texas, Rep. Duncan Hunter of California claims, but the Department of Homeland security has called his statements categorically false. Hunter told Fox News he learned the information from the Border Patrol, saying ""they aren't flying B1 bombers bombing American cities, but they are going to be bombing American cities coming across from Mexico."" Vote Now: Story continues below video. The Border Patrol ""caught them,"" Hunter said, but ""you know there's going to be dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol."" A senior Department of"
1400,"The arousal over a pumpkin spice flavored condom made its rounds on the internet over the weekend, but Durex confirmed that the autumnal-themed birth control is fake."
1401,"Rumors of the death of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro, who has not been spotted in months, went into overdrive on Friday night due in part to an unrelated death thousands of miles away."
1403,"Reports that Comcast will deny Internet service to users of the Tor Internet browser are false, the company says in a new blog post. The browser lets users surf the web with a higher degree of anonymity, making it more difficult for hackers (or the government) to follow them around the Internet. Comcast’s Jason Livingood wrote in today’s post: Comcast is not asking customers to stop using Tor, or any other browser for that matter. We have no policy against Tor, or any other browser or software. Customers are free to use their Xfinity Internet service to visit any website, use any app, and so forth. Here"
1404,(WIBW)- A Kansas City patient is not being treated for ebola after being rushed to a Kansas City hospital Saturday. The man's Kansas City apartment building was sealed off when the man became seriously ill.
1405,"Mexican authorities have discovered six hidden graves that may contain the bodies of more than 40 university students who went missing a week ago after clashing with local police in the violent state of Guerrero. The semiofficial National Human Rights Commission said Sunday that experts will conduct DNA tests in an attempt to identify bodies found in the graves. It was not yet clear how many bodies were present. Mexican police enter La Parota colony, on the outskirts of Iguala, Mexico, where a mass grave was found Saturday. (European Pressphoto Agency) Guerrero state Health Minister Lazaro Mazon said nine bodies, burned beyond recognition, were recovered from the muddy"
1406,"Police will stop arresting people for low-level possession of marijuana and will instead simply issue a summons, sources said. The NYPD and Mayor de Blasio are prepared to initiate a change in..."
1407,"A 71-yr-old Catholic priest, John Micheal O’neal has claimed that God is a woman, with a warm and with a comforting motherly figure."
1408,"A man wanted by the Royal Newfoundland Constabulary on outstanding warrants has turned himself in to police. Rodney Constantine, 29, had told police via a Facebook post on Sunday that he would attend headquarters Monday morning."
1410,A man in Macedonia has had his penis reattached after he cut it off with a razor blade in an act of revenge for being dumped by his girlfriend.
1412,"A cloistered nun has stunned her mother superior and sisters after giving birth to a baby boy after complaining of severe stomach pains. The sister, who belonged to an order in Macerata, in the eastern Italian region of Le Marche, claimed to have no idea she was pregnant when she was rushed to hospital in agony, after which she gave birth. The South American nun, who arrived at the convent in June, when it is supposed she was already pregnant, was taken to the emergency department of 'Bartolomeo Eustachio' di San Severino Marche by her fellow sisters. The childbearing nun, originally from South"
1413,"International rap icon/Grammy award-winning Macklemore is known for thrift shopping and texting Kendrick Lamar. But on Thursday, thanks to fake tweets circulated online, people also thought he joined the terrorist organization ISIS. horrified at news that macklemore has joined ISIS #MacklemoreJoinedISIS Not everyone believed it, but that didn’t stop #MacklemoreJoinedISIS from trending on Twitter with tweets of disbelief, memes, and more photoshopped pictures. In fact, all five stages of grief exploded on Twitter: 1. Denial. Incriminating stuff. In shock that #MacklemoreJoinedISIS I"
1415,"Jim Suva with Citigroup this evening weighs in with what to expect from the March 9th media event in San Francisco that Apple (AAPL) announced today, an event that is likely focused on Apple Watch, given that, as he points out, Daylight Savings Time starts the day before, March 8th, so the tag line of the event, [...]"
1416,"The wife of British aid worker Alan Henning, who is being held by the the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham, or ISIS, released a statement on Tuesday — the second within a week— following new video put out by the terror group where they threaten another British hostage."
1417,"For the last few weeks, the general public has assumed that Tiger Woods hasn't been playing on Tour because of his back and a dog shit golf game, but PGA Tour golfer, Dan Olsen -- don't worry, I haven't heard of him before either -- is saying that's simply not the case. Olsen went on record, during a radio interview with 730 WVFN's David ""Mad Dog"" DeMarco, claiming his sources are telling him that Tiger Woods is currently serving a one month suspension for failing a drug test. Later in the interview, Olsen says his sources are ""Tour players that are exempt."""
1419,"Nigeria's military says it has agreed a ceasefire with Islamist militants Boko Haram - and that the schoolgirls the group has abducted will be released. Nigeria's chief of defence staff, Alex Badeh, announced the truce. Boko Haram has not made a public statement. The group has been fighting an insurgency since 2009, with some 2,000 civilians reportedly killed this year. Boko Haram sparked global outrage six months ago by abducting more than 200 schoolgirls. The girls were seized in the north-eastern town of Chibok in Borno state, and their continued captivity has led to criticism of the Nigerian government's efforts to secure their release"
1420,"The Apple Watch is the most buzzed about wearable to hit the market in a long time, and not all of the buzz is good. We've shared some of th earlier rumblings about the Apple Watch's short battery life. Now we are hearing news of a new feature called Power Reserve, which could be a battery-saving mode that lets the Apple Watch run on low energy while only displaying the time. The Apple Watch's battery life is expected to only last a day. This puts it at the bottom of the pack for iOS smartwatches. Even with a Power Reserve function, the battery is significantly lagging behind the"
1422,"Detectives are hunting a middle-aged man who is slapping High Street shoppers in his town if they SNEEZE. In what Cumbria Police admit is'very unusual behaviour', the man first smacked a woman round the head after she sneezed in Carlisle on Monday. Then on Tuesday, officers believe the same man launched a second attack on a frail pensioner who also had a bout of the sniffles. In that shocking incident an 82 year-old woman who had just sneezed was slapped over the head in broad daylight at 11.30am in Scotch Street, Carlisle. Police described their strange suspect as being in his mid-to-"
1423,The Pentagon says U.S. officials have confirmed the death of the leader of the al-Shabaab terror group in a U.S. airstrike on Monday.
1424,"• Jihadi John named by Washington Post as Mohammed Emwazi • Islamic State terrorist lived in London • Has appeared in several Isil murder videos Latest 12.29 The Telegraph's Richard Spencer reports: The BBC tweeted a court document from a case involving another suspected militant and the Home Secretary, Theresa May, in which Emwazi is named as an associate. Its home affairs correspondent, Dominic Casciani, says that another ""core member"" of this same group of West London jihadis, Bilal Berjawi, was subsequently killed in a drone strike in Somalia. Jihadi John: Here's one of the court documents that"
1425,"Citing an anonymous source, the French website iGen.Fr reports that stainless steel versions of the Apple Watch will retail for $500 while the gold models may retail for as high as $5,000."
1426,"Could a newly released audio provide more clues on what led up to Michael Brown’s shooting death? The FBI has questioned a man who says he recorded audio of gunfire at the time Brown was shot by Ferguson police on August 9, the man’s attorney told CNN."
1427,"None of the 28 bodies found in a mass grave in restive southwestern Mexico belongs to a group of 43 missing students, Mexico's attorney general said on Tuesday. The students, who are feared to have been massacred by police in league with gang members, went missing in the southwestern state of Guerrero on Sept. 26. The discovery of a series of mass graves near the town of Iguala, where the students went missing, has sent shockwaves throughout Mexico, where around 100,000 people have died in drug-related violence since 2007. Speaking at a press conference on Tuesday, Mexican Attorney General Jesus Murillo said none of the charred"
1429,"A homeless man who received a surprise meal and hotel stay after spending a $100 donation on food for his friends has insisted that no part of the experience was a hoax - despite the fact one witness is claiming the whole thing was a set-up. The man - named only as Thomas - had been filmed living on the streets of California, before being taken to a sushi restaurant, given a hotel room with hot tub and treated to a new suit and haircut. But the resulting video posted online by'serial prankster' Josh Paler Lin was met with varying degrees of skepticism, with a number of viewers dismissing it as a hoax."
1430,"Nigerian officials Friday announced they had agreed to a cease-fire with Boko Haram, but their statements left confusion over the fate of 219 schoolgirls kidnapped by the militant group in April. Defense chief of staff Alex Badeh announced the truce, saying all Nigerian military units had been instructed to abide by the accord."
1433,"Nikolai Kryaglyachenko has suddenly started developiong the same powers of metallic attraction as X-Men villain, Magneto – and it was all because of an electri shock that nearly killed him. The 12-year-old had been walking home after school when he leaned briefly against the lamp post that was live from a faulty wire, and was blasted across the pavement. And the next day he discovered that metal objects stuck to him like glue. MAGNETIC: Anything metal can now stick to Nikolai [CEN] “I found some coins that had been lying on the mattress had stuck to my body” Nikolai Kryaglya"
1434,Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. The saying came true for a Macedonian man who chopped off his penis and threw it in the dustbin after he was dumped by his girlfriend for the lack of bedroom skills.
1435,"Apple may be planning to hold a special event during the month of February, according to French Apple-focused website iGen [Google Translate] (via iDownloadBlog). The site's sources, which are often reliable, suggest that the event might take place during the last week of February, potentially on Tuesday, February 24. The event may see Apple once again showcasing the Apple Watch, which is set to debut in April, and it may also see the launch of the 12-inch MacBook Air. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo recently predicted that the upcoming notebook will debut in March, which is in line with a late"
1436,"Users on Twitter and Facebook this week are saying parts of Texas are now under Sharia law, or Islamic law. The whole thing appears to be an unfounded rumor that was twisted around when conservative news website Breitbart published an article that says, “ISLAMIC TRIBUNAL CONFIRMED IN TEXAS; ATTORNEY CLAIMS ‘IT’S VOLUNTARY.'” Some users and other blogs went along with the story but apparently misinterpreted its premise. The article reads: Breitbart Texas spoke with one of the “judges,” Dr. Taher El-badawi. He said the tribunal operates under Sharia law as a form"
1437,"There has been a shooting at the National War Memorial in Ottawa, CTV News has confirmed. CTV News' Katie Simpson was at the War Memorial in Ottawa on Wednesday morning, and witnessed passersby attending to someone who had been shot. Police said a man believed to be a member of the Canadian Forces was shot at the memorial. There are also reports of shots being fired inside Parliament Hill."
1438,"A rogue bird let loose on Vladimir Putin over the weekend as the Russian president delivered a speech opening a World War I monument, according to multiple tittering reports. If that tale of feathered vigilante justice sounds farfetched though, that's because it is: The video purporting to show the airborne assault appears to be a sneaky editing job. Here's the clip that got Reddit's attention: Yet as another Redditor points out, other footage from the event shows Putin sans poop. (The snippet from the previous video comes around the ninth minute below.) Pictures from before and after the speech similarly show no tell-tale"
1439,"Sometimes just quitting your job isn't enough, sometimes you have to make a lasting statement on the way out. That's exactly what one iPhone game developer did in the game 'Electric Boogie' by dumping all over his boss and Apple. In the iPhone game 'Electric Boogie' one developer managed to sneak in a few hidden animations of the characters banging each other, something that would be strictly forbidden by Apple, as well as a message to what he deemed to be his shitty boss. It's basically the single greatest letter of resignation ever...only it's not a letter at all, it's a hilarious"
1442,"A terrorist struck at the heart of the nation Wednesday, gunning down a sentry at the National War Memorial and wreaking havoc on Parliament Hill where the marble and stone halls echoed with gunfire and ran with blood."
1446,"On Monday evening's CNN Tonight, host Don Lemon debuted a recording that allegedly contains audio of the gunshots that killed 18-year-old Michael Brown earlier this month. On August 9, police officer Darren Wilson shot Brown at least six times during an incident in Ferguson, Mo. Several witnesses claim the young man was fleeing the officer, and had his hands in the air when the fatal shot was delivered; but police officials claim Brown had violently attacked Wilson who then responded in self-defense. An unidentified man claims to have recorded the gunfire — haphazardly, it seems, as he is heard talking about unrelated matters. At least 10 gunshots"
1447,"Analyst John Gruber has rolled up his sleeves and figured out that the Apple Watch Edition might just cost $4,999, coming in 18-karat gold/sapphire to boot."
1453,"This picture of a penis spraypainted on a £1.5 million Bugatti Veyron is being shared like crazy this week. LOOK – it’s a penis on a really expensive car!!! According to this Reddit post four days ago, the image was taken in downtown Seattle. [Insert outrage/uncontrollable glee here] The thing is, the graffiti appears to be the work of YouTube pranksters TwinzTV. Here’s Instagram user andreysmygov revealing that the spraypaint was for an upcoming video. And here’s the car with different graffiti on it. The TwinzTV Instagram account is also trailing an upcoming"
1455,"A report on Thursday claims the upcoming Apple Watch boasts a mysterious data connection port, previously undisclosed by Apple, that is currently being used for diagnostics and testing."
1457,A GUNMAN has been shot dead after wounding a soldier just a few feet away from the Canadian parliament today. Eyewitnesses said the gunman allegedly ran towards nearby government buildings where police chased him and around 30 shots were fired inside.
1458,"A rumor on Tuesday claims Apple's upcoming Apple Watch will be priced at $500 for the mid-tier steel model and up to $5,000 for top-end gold Edition versions, a number much higher than previous estimates."
1459,"The scuttlebutt from sources in Detroit is that one of the Batmobile models being used in the filming of Batman Vs. Superman has gone missing, believed stolen. It would not be the first time a Batmobile has been nicked in Detroit. Though that was just a $200 replica of the TV Series version back in 2o10..."
1461,"While it has not been verified, an alleged audio recording of the shooting of Michael Brown, the unarmed teenager shot down by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, on August 9, has surfaced: A man who lives near the scene of the shooting says he inadvertently recorded the shots that killed Brown, his lawyer, Lopa Blumenthal, told CNN. The man, who wished to remain unidentified, was recording a video chat with a friend when gunfire rang out in the background. Blumenthal said her client has already been interviewed by the FBI about the recording. On the tape, you can hear six shots being fired, a short pause and than an"
1462,"Shocked medics have described the moment they found a mum apparently trying to EAT her baby days after he was born. A nurse found the woman, named locally as 24-year-old Li Zhenghua, with her jaws clamped firmly around the infant's arm. She raised the alarm and tried to pull the baby free, but the mum refused to let go. Doctors were forced to use an implement to prize her off the child before administering a sedative. The shocking cannibalistic attack happened at a hospital in the city of Shenzhen in southern China’s Guangdong Province, where the woman had been discovered heavily pregnant and in labour on"
1463,"Apple may be planning to hold a media event in late February to showcase the final version of its upcoming Apple Watch, and also debut a newly redesigned MacBook Air, potentially with a Retina display, according to a new report."
1465,"North Korea's Kim Jong-un has piled on so much weight that he has fractured both his ankles and remains in hospital after an operation, it was reported today. The leader of the impoverished nation is estimated to have ballooned to 20 stone as a result of fine wining and dining - putting enormous pressure on his feet and legs."
1466,"Rumors that Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was killed in an airstrike circulated on Iraqi social media Sunday, along with a photograph purportedly showing the bloodied jihadi leader."
1467,"A report that says a family in the town of Purdon, Texas has got the Ebola virus and the town was quarantined is fake. It was posted on the National Report, a satirical website."
1468,"An Iraqi official denied that a woman detained in Lebanon is a wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State group, adding that she is the sister of a terror suspect being held in Iraq."
1471,"The Islamic State kidnapped American journalist James Foley on November 22, 2012. Foley was a freelance photo journalist covering the civil war in Syria at the time. IS has held him ever since, but today they tweeted out video of his beheading."
1472,"Kevin Vickers, sergeant-at-arms of the House of Commons, is being hailed as a hero after reportedly shooting and killing a gunman inside Parliament on Wednesday. Vickers, a 29-year veteran of the RCMP was praised by politicians, journalists and the public for saving lives. He told CBC Wednesday afternoon that he is safe and alright. Vickers' younger brother, John, tweeted that his thoughts are with his brother and that his family is being contacted by media around the world. During his nearly three decades with the RCMP Vickers, who is now 58, rose to the rank of chief superintendent, often serving as the face of the national police"
1473,"An Iraqi airstrike on Thursday killed Abu Hajar al-Souri, a top aide to ""Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant"" (ISIL) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the Iraqi Ministry of Defence said."
1474,"The Islamic State (IS) militants are stuffing live scorpions into canisters and launching them on Iraqi civilians to spread panic. According to the Mirror, calling it an act of madness, Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, ex-head of chemical and biological weapons for the Army and Nato, said that the IS had improvised devices to launch them. He added that the IS militants were promoting the fact that they are doing it, which in turn is creating panic. Thousands of scorpions are flung out once the canister breaks after being launched a couple of miles. The bioweapon, inspired by age-old Iraqi tactics that were used against the"
1476,"MAN was dragged away by angry mob of vigilantes while they all decided what to do with him. Unfortunately for the alleged attempted rapist, what they decided was to take him to a local butcher's shop where they apparently beat him with sticks for an hour. They then hacked off his penis with a meat cleaver and dumped the remains in the middle of the road, leaving his beaten and bloody body nearby. Daily Star online has seen the picture of the severed member on the road but we have censored the graphic image. DUMPED: The penis was left in the road (censored for taste) [CEN"
1477,"We've heard rumors for some time that Apple's been less than pleased with the purported battery life of its upcoming Apple Watch. And now, it looks as though it has plenty of reason to be worried."
1478,"A young Australian man picked up an unwanted souvenir in Bali last weekend when he found that a tropical spider had burrowed under his skin and travelled up his chest. Dylan Thomas, 21, was on holiday with friends when he woke up one morning to find a red, scar-like trail on his stomach. He was initially given antihistamine cream to treat what doctors in Bali thought was an insect bite. But the red trail spread upwards and by Monday it had started blistering so he was sent to see a dermatologist, who discovered the small tropical spider and removed it. The doctors said the spider had burrowed through a small scar left by a previous"
1480,"Rumours of a coup after the mysterious disappearance of despot Kim Jong-un have been put to bed after it was revealed the North Korean leader is merely recovering from surgery – after cheese-fuelled weight gain caused him to fracture his ankles. Unbridled daily binges on Emmental imported from Switzerland are believed to be responsible for the dictator’s rapid weight gain, with some defectors speculating he was trying to match the considerable bulk of his grandfather, Kim Il-sung. And South Korea’s largest newspaper claims that the tubby tyrant is in fact recovering from two fractured ankles after the strain of his expanding waistline put pressure on"
1481,"This extraordinary video shows the moment a US Marine is shot in the head by a Taliban sniper in Afghanistan - and lives to tell the tale. The three minute, 12 second clip, filmed from a helmet camera, follows three of the US Navy's elite amphibious infantrymen as they take part in a joint helicopter raid in Now Zad, Helmand Province in 2013. After hearing insurgent gunfire, the trio go to investigate, pausing for cover in the exit of a tunnel. It is at this moment that the marksman strikes, a bullet from his high-powered weapon ricocheting off the helmet of the second Marine in the patrol with"
1483,"Last night, Twitter went into after an obviously Photoshopped image of a tweet fooled many to believe that Macklemore is somehow affiliated with ISIS. The photo, which read, ""33 people got married during Same Love. Amazing to be apart of that movement. Just kidding bitch, I'm in ISIS now,"" caused ""#MacklemorejoinedISIS"" to become a worldwide trending topic. While Macklemore obviously has no affiliation with the terrorist organization, he is known for his conspiracy theory views and years ago, tweet : 911...bush knocked down the towers. And on a song called ""Bush Song"""
1485,"WASHINGTON— The Pentagon is confirming that Islamic State group militants were able to seize one of the 28 bundles of weapons and medical supplies dropped to Kurdish forces on Monday. Army Col. Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, says that two of the bundles went astray."
1487,Kim Jong-Un could be set to open a state-backed restaurant in Scotland serving North Korean delicacies such as dog meat soup and pine-nut gruel
1488,"The man who breached security at the White House this month overpowered a U.S. Secret Service officer and ran through much of the main floor, penetrating farther into the building than previously disclosed, the Washington Post reported on Monday, citing three people familiar with the incident."
1489,"Mohammed Emwazi was known to British security services but they chose not to disclose his name earlier for operational reasons, it is claimed. He is believed to have traveled to Syria around 2012 and to have later joined the Islamic State, or Isil, the group terrorising Iraq and Syria. Jihadi John first appeared in a video last August, when he appeared to kill the American journalist James Foley. The IS terrorist apparently studied computer sciences at Westminister University. The Washington Post describes Emwazi as Kuwaiti born and in his mid-20s. He was apparently raised in a middle class neighbourhood and occasionally prayed at a mosque in Greenwich. Friends"
1491,"It may feel like winter is slowly squeezing all the sunlight out of your day, but if you see any news stories claiming Earth is headed for ""Six Days of Total Darkness"" then don't start stocking up on the tins of beans and torches just yet."
1492,"Robert Plant’s publicist has described as ‘rubbish’ a Daily Mirror report that he rejected a £500m Led Zep reunion. The paper claims Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones had both signed on for the tour deal, bankrolled by Richard Branson, which would have featured John Bonham’s son Jason on drums. Branson had proposed 35 concerts spanning just three cities, according to the Mirror. The band would fly from London to Berlin to New Jersey in a specially outfitted jet: Branson wanted to recreate The Starship, from Led Zep’s heyday, selling tickets for the plane’s back rows at £100,000 per seat. “Bran"
1494,I aborted my baby because it was a boy
1496,A teacher is facing the sack after she was secretly filmed having sex with one of her pupils - and the video ended up on a porn site. Argentinian beauty Lucita Sandoval was unwittingly recorded having sex with a 16-year-old pupil who switched camera phone on after asking the teacher to turn around.
1498,"A prominent religious scholar in Saudi Arabia has reportedly issued a fatwa against building snowmen in the kingdom, stating the practice is not acceptable to Islam. Mohammad Saleh Al Minjed said people must not build any snowmen or snow models of animals, according to Gulf News. However, making snow models of lifeless things, such as ships, fruit and buildings, was apparently acceptable in Islam, the scholar said. ""It is not permitted to make a statue out of snow, even by way of play and fun,"" he reportedly said. ""God has given people space to make whatever they want which does not have a soul, including trees,"
1500,"Tonight -- finally! -- ESPN is going to have an in-depth discussion on the NFL's domestic violence problem. The discussion will feature the opinions of up to 11 men and zero women, in a remarkable showing of the exact flavor of dumb meathead that ESPN is so adept at that it should trademark. The panel was ostensibly was conceived of and approved of by several people who get paid money to do their jobs. Their jobs creating television programs that are good and informative. They are bad at their jobs. A domestic violence panel involving 11 men and 0 women when women constitute the vast majority of domestic violence victims is neither good nor"
1501,"American drones are being flown over Raqqa, Syria."
1502,"If Bali belly, dengue fever and dangerous drinks have not been enough to put you off taking a holiday to Bali - perhaps the story of ""spiderman"" will."
1503,The internet is buzzing this morning with news that country icon and legend Willie Nelson has died. One big problem is that the buzz is kind of pointless since the country crooner isn't dead at all.
1506,"BAGHDAD, Iraq – The Islamic State (ISIS) incinerated the corpses of five militants who were suspected of contracting Ebola, an Iraqi health official indicated. Faisal Ghazi, member of the Health Committee in Iraq’s council of ministries, said the five were incinerated in Mosul, the ISIS stronghold in Iraq. “The Islamic State organization incinerated five militants infected with Ebola to prevent further spread of the disease in Mosul,” he said. “ISIS had proof that these militants were infected with Ebola,” he added, without giving details of whether the fighters died of the disease or were killed and incinerated by the group. The"
1507,You know you’re in trouble when Tom Brokaw is out for your blood. NBC’s most revered journalist is furious that Brian Williams is still in the anchor chair after he sheepishly admitted he hadn’t traveled on a helicopter hit by enemy fire.
1508,"Elon University has not banned the use of the word freshman, and there is no policy dictating that the school uses the term “first-year” in place of “freshman,” according to Dan Anderson, vice president of University Communications."
1509,"Activists in Al Raqqa have posted images online purporting to show a U.S. Predator drone orbiting the skies of the north-east Syrian city, the chosen ""capital"" of the Islamic State militant group. The 16-member activist group Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently provided the images to various online publications. Their handheld imagery corresponds with a video uploaded to Youtube on Sept. 6. In recent months, RIBSS has provided most of the documentation coming out of the conflict-ridden city, as almost no local or foreign journalists are present—due, of course, to Islamic State's suppression and"
1513,"A few years ago it may have seemed rather impossible for the relationship between Apple and Samsung to improve, but 2014 was and continues to be a year full of surprises."
1515,"Washington Free Beacon senior editor Bill Gertz appeared on WMAL radio in Washington, D.C., Wednesday morning to discuss his exclusive story on 11 missing airliners from the Tripoli airport."
1517,"A Macedonian man sliced off his own dick and and threw it away after his girlfriend broke up with him, citing dissatisfying sex. The man believed his small penis was to blame for the failed relationship, reports every site in the tabloidosphere."
1518,"Here's an important heads-up: If you keep documents in your iCloud Drive, don't use iOS 8's ""Reset All Settings"" option. It could delete files stored in the cloud. The bug was discovered by MacRumors, who found that selecting the ""Reset All Settings"" option from Settings in iOS 8 will erase iWork-related files in iCloud Drive. This is not the way it's supposed to work. When you reset an iPhone or iPad's settings, iOS will even tell you that no data or media will be deleted. But in iOS 8, this isn't working as"
1519,"First, there was #BendGate. Reports flooded the media that claimed the iPhone 6 Plus was susceptible to bending when kept in your pocket. Now, there's #HairGate. A 9to5Mac community post reveals that iPhone 6 customers are complaining on social media that their new phones keep ripping out chunks of their hair when they hold the phone up to their ear to take a call. Twitter users claim that the seam between the glass screen and aluminium back of the iPhone 6 is to blame, and it's that gap that their hair is getting caught in. This news follows #GapGate, which focused on the Samsung"
1521,"Get Patheos Atheist Newsletters Follow Patheos Atheist: HOME ASK RICHARD PODCASTS SPEAKING CONTRIBUTORS MEDIA CONTACT/SUBMISSIONS BOOKS  Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas Just Won Several Awards for Being an Awful Film Patheos Blogger Loses Book Deal With Nori Publishing After Pro-Gay Advocacy  Hoax Alert: Father O'Neal, Who Has Met God and Thinks She's a Woman, Is Made Up (Just Like God Herself) February 22, 2015 by Terry Firma 84 Comments Not that I'm impossible to fool, but this is certainly a"
1522,"(IraqiNews.com) Thousands of social media users are distributing an unverified photo which claims to show the body of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi after he was purportedly killed by US air strikes after three senior members of ISIS, including an aide to al-Baghdadi were also killed by US air strikes."
1523,"""I just wanted some chicken wings."" After getting dumped by her boyfriend, a woman in China realized that only one person could help her in her time of need: Colonel Sanders. Tan Shen, 26, accidentally on-purpose spent a full week at a 24/7 KFC in Chengdu, calling in sick to work, to mourn the loss of her relationship. “I hadn’t planned on staying there long, I just wanted some chicken wings,” Tan told Yahoo. “But once I got in there and started eating I decided I needed time to think.” But is KFC really where you’d want to spend your time of mourning? Are"
1524,Research released yesterday claims that the Apple Watch will ”ignite the global smartwatch market” this year. Research firm Strategy Analytics predicts that Apple Inc. will sell more than 15 million Apple Watches worldwide in 2015 to claim 55 percent of the global smartwatch market share –a share that will instantly make Apple the number one [...]
1528,"It would have been pretty embarrassing for Batman, the ultimate crime fighter. But thankfully rumors that Caped Crusader's wheels had been stolen from beneath his nose proved to be untrue. The famous Batmobile was spotted cruising Detroit as filming continues of Batman vs Superman: Dawn Of Justice. Scroll down for video Spotted: The Batmobile was seen cruising the set of Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice last week Reports began to surface online that the iconic vehicle had gone missing, presumed pinched from the Warner Brother's set two weeks ago. But according to the Detroit Free Press, there had been no such crime. Detroit police spokesman Sgt."
1529,"Rumors have hit social media that the Batmobile has been stolen from the Batman V. Superman: Dawn of Justice set in Detroit. While on the face of it the idea that someone could actually make off with a Batmobile from the heavily-secured set seem somewhat ludicrous, the local Michigan media seems to be taking the reports seriously enough that the police department has been contacted to look into it. CBS Detroit notes in their report, “Does this person — if the rumor is true (we don’t know how credible the source is) — think that he or she can just go cruising around in this car no one will notice"
1530,British and US intelligence have identified British rapper Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary as a prime suspect in James Foley's murder.
1531,"The frightening story about a spider that reportedly burrowed through an Australian man’s surgery scar and left a disturbing red trail up his stomach, might not be a completely accurate account, according to some arachnid experts. The stomach selfie of 21-year-old Dylan Thomas has gone viral around the globe after doctors at Bali International Medical Center apparently figured out his “mystery condition” was caused by a spider living under his skin for three days. “Well after running tests and putting things inside my stomach they finally found out it was a tropical spider that’s been living inside of me for the last 3 days, managed to get it out"
1532,"You may have seen a clever Banksy illustration of broken pencils being shared far and wide on social media yesterday. It's a powerful message about optimism and rebuilding after facing adversity. But it's not by Banksy. The illustration is actually by Lucille Clerc, a London-based illustrator. After being posted on an Instagram account purporting to be associated with Banksy, the image has been shared over 130,000 times. There are a lot of fake Banksy accounts on social media but the one that scraped Lucille Clerc's image has over a million followers, which explains its wide reach. The Independent talked to a spokesperson from Banksy's"
1533,"Is the iPhone 6 ripping out hair? Maybe. Photo: Courtesy of Apple By now, you’ve probably heard about #hairgate, which has people chattering about an unintended problem with the iPhone 6. According to a forum post on 9to5Mac, Apple’s latest phone traps hair in the seam between the glass and aluminum. “When you try to free it out, it hurts,” the poster laments. Related: 10 Must-Try Beauty Apps Sounds like a pain, but aside from some tweets, is there any real evidence of the iPhone ripping out hair? That depends on who you ask. As Mashable"
1534,"HBO is in talks with Apple to make Apple TV one of the launch partners for its highly anticipated streaming service when it debuts next month. HBO and streaming partner Major League Baseball Advanced Media are working to have the standalone service, called “HBO Now,” ready to launch in April in conjunction with the premiere of the fifth season of “Game of Thrones,” according to sources familiar with their plans. When it launches, consumers will be able to subscribe to “HBO Now” directly from HBO for the first time, rather than through a cable, satellite or telco TV distributor such as Comcast or Verizon. The retail price is expected to be"
1535,"Talk about an amazing Christmas surprise – Joe Riquelme, an entrepreneur who created the iPhone app Videoshop, paid off his parents’ mortgage for the ultimate holiday gift. Joe caught the moment he gave his parents the gift on video and the clip shows his parents cuddled around him on the couch as he gives them an envelope containing the special note. “Your house is paid off. Merry Xmas. – Joe,” the note reads along with a check list featured “raising kids,” “college loans,” and “mortgage” all checked off. WHAT DID YOU GET your parents for the holidays?"
1538,"Only in Detroit? Holy stolen Batmobile, Batman... A website is reporting that the Batmobile, from the upcoming Batman v. Superman flick, has gone missing in Detroit... and is presumed stolen. If this is true I could only imagine seeing it driving down 696 in rush hour. Seriously, how the heck could someone [...]"
1539,"TORONTO – A Canadian soldier was shot at the War Memorial in Ottawa Wednesday morning, and multiple shots were fired inside Parliament Hill. According to a witness, the shooter had black hair, was wearing a grey jacket and a scarf. Witnesses reported gunfire inside the halls of Parliament, including a dozen shots outside the Parliament Hill library. Police and ambulance are on the scene, and Parliament Hill is in lockdown. Ottawa police confirmed they had a call at 9:52 a.m. with a report of shots fired. Raw video: Emergency workers perform CPR after shots fired on Parliament Hill Witnesses on the scene at the War Memorial said they were in"
1540,"The Nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped earlier this year by Islamist militant group Boko Haram look set to be released following a ceasefire agreement with the Nigerian military. This truce, for which direct negotiations had been held in neighbouring Chad, marks the end of a five-year conflict between the Nigerian government and the Islamist insurgents. “I wish to inform this audience that a ceasefire agreement has been concluded,” chief of defence staff Alex Badeh announced at the end of a three day security meeting between Nigeria and Cameroon. It appears as though the 219 school girls that are being held captive by Boko Haram will be released, although a Defence Ministry spokesman said that part of"
1541,"A man was so fond of his constipated office goldfish that he paid a north Norfolk vet £300 to operate and ease its suffering. <n> <n> Vet Faye Bethell used tiny instruments to remove one lump close to the fish&rsquo;s anus, and another from its dorsal fin."
1542,"Apple Watch will take approximately two hours to fully charge and deliver all-day battery life with normal on-and-off usage, according to TechCrunch. Those estimates corroborate a previous report that also claimed the Apple Watch will deliver all-day battery life and support up to five hours of heavy usage per charge. The report also claims that the Apple Watch will only deliver notifications while worn on the wrist. The smartwatch will not ping you for notifications without being in contact with skin so that the device is not disruptive at unnecessary times. Apple Watch will also stop delivering notifications when the battery reaches 10% or lower in an effort to conserve the remaining power"
1543,"Last time we checked, rats weren't chic - so why they're hanging around Vogue's new NYC offices is anyone's guess. Publishing house Condé Nast have just moved into a new home at 1 WTC - the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere - and there's a nasty problem occurring, according to Page Six. The reported rodent situation - which was first reported by People back in November - isn't going away. But according to Page Six, Vogue boss Anna Wintour is determined to ignore it. Getty Here's Anna, definitely not thinking about rats A source told Page Six that editors noticed a rat"
1544,"The Scottish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is investigating an incident of a dog abandoned at a train station along with a suitcase. The SPCA says the dog was found Jan. 2 tied to a railing at the Ayr railway station in South Ayrshire, Scotland. The suitcase was filled with possessions, including a pillow, a toy, food bowl, and food, according to the SPCA. Inspector Stewart Taylor said the dog's name is Kai. Officials said the male shar-pei crossbreed, who is 2 or 3 years old, had a microchip and they were able to track down the last registered owner. ""Unfortunately they could"
1545,"Macaulay Culkin has once again died — at least, according to a death hoax spreading online. The troubled actor, who at one point was reportedly entrenched in heroin addiction that friends feared he had only months to live, is once again the subject of a hoax claiming that he was found dead in his Manhattan apartment. News that Macaulay Culkin had allegedly died spread quickly on Facebook and Twitter, with users linking to a story on something called MSNBC.website.com (which is entirely separate from the real MSNBC). The report read: Sources are reporting that Macaulay Culkin, best known for his role as Kevin McCallister in"
1547,"A picture of a letter to parents from a box of Lego in the 1970s is going viral after being uploaded to Reddit. To Parents. The urge to create is equally strong in all children. Boys and girls. It’s the imagination that counts. Not skill. You build whatever comes into your head, the way you want it. A bed or a truck. A dolls house or a spaceship. A lot of boys like dolls houses. They’re more human than spaceships. A lot of girls prefer spaceships. They’re more exciting than dolls houses. The most important thing is to put the right material in"
1549,"Boston - So lately, tongues have been wagging due to a recent story of an elderly priest who died and had a conversation with God, and a female God at that. The story has been dancing around on Facebook, Twitter, and Reddit."
1551,We’ve all had that feeling of being jilted by our lover and many reach for the wine or chocolate. But one dumped woman decided that she was going to gorge on chicken wings and set up camp in KFC for an entire week.
1554,"A Muslim convert shot dead a Canadian soldier at the National War Memorial in Ottawa today before exchanging dozens of shots with guards inside Parliament in a terrifying attack that left the nation's capital on lockdown. Michael Zehaf-Bibeau fatally shot Corporal Nathan Cirillo, a 24-year-old father, as he stood guard at the War Memorial on Wednesday morning. Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, then ran inside the Parliament, where he opened fire before he was shot dead by the House of Commons Sergeant-at-Arms. And now, we have our first look at Zehaf-Bibeau in a photo"
1555,"Once again, rumors that Macaulay Culkin died have flourished online. But, once again, he's not dead. The 34-year-old's representatives confirmed that the actor and musician is very much alive, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The flurry of RIPs on social media sites were due to an online death hoax cooked up about the child star of the Home Alone film series. Earlier this year, a similar death hoax surfaced, but it was also dismissed by Culkin's representatives at the time. A Facebook memorial page announcing the actor's death sparked the rumors, according to fact-checking site Snopes"
1556,"Henry Jackson, aka Big Bank Hank of the pioneering rap group Sugarhill Gang, has died of cancer, according to TMZ and some of Jackson's friends on Twitter. David Mallie, who manages the group's two remaining living members, confirmed Jackson's death to Fox News. R.I.P. Big Bank Hank. One third of the song that made all of this Hip Hop Music possible. Thanx for opening the door. http://t.co/yrXx9dBo8M — Dark Gable (@bigdaddykane) November 11, 2014 Respect. Prayers up. God Bless. RT @Combat"
1559,"Macaulay Culkin is not dead, despite another fast-spreading Internet hoax indicating the Home Alone star's demise... for the second time this year alone. The troubled and sometimes reclusive actor, 34, who at one point was reportedly in the throes of heroin addiction and appeared gaunt, is alive and well. Macaulay Culkin Alive! According to the latest Macaulay Culkin death hoax, he was found dead in his Manhattan apartment. Facebook and Twitter users quickly bought in. With fans linking to a story on something called MSNBC (dot) website (dot) com - obviously not the real NBC, MSN or MSNBC"
1560,"A Macedonian man cut off his penis and threw it in a trash can after his girlfriend broke up with him due to lack of skills in the bedroom. Oliver Ilic, 22, was told that he was no good in bed so he allegedly mutilated himself then threw the remains away, Metro reports. The man told doctors he believes his small penis was to blame for the split. Ilic called emergency services after he could not stop the bleeding and was taken to a hospital in the east Macedonian town of Kocani. Police searched his house and found the severed organ in a dustbin after it had been sliced off using a razor blade"
1562,"Struggling parents tried to sell their son in a street auction to pay for life saving cancer treatment for his twin sister. Shocking pictures show the mum of the twins standing on the streets in Qingdao, a major city in eastern Shandong Province, Eastern China, with a placard offering to sell her son to the highest bidder. He was standing alongside his 29-year-old mum, Meng Xiangyan, as she appealed for someone to come forward and buy the boy. CEN Mum Meng Xiangyan has gone onto the street to try and raise the money for her ill daughter by selling their son who is the girl's twin. His sister"
1563,"Mohammed Islam, the 17-year-old whose profile has circulated across the nation, says he did not make $72 million from trading stocks. Islam, a high school student at Stuyvesant in New York City, was profiled by the New Yorker, which claimed that he made $72 million from the market. But Islam told CNBC that the figure is not accurate, although he declined to be more specific other than saying it’s closer to a few million dollars. “The attention is not what we expected – we never wanted the hype. This was about friends trying to make something exciting together, ” Islam said. “We expected a regular"
1564,"At least two experts are questioning the authenticity of an audio file that is purported to have captured the gunshots that killed 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month. CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes and former Los Angeles police officer David Klinger both said Wednesday morning that they initially felt the recording alleged to reveal the sequence of shots fired by Officer Darren Wilson was a hoax, according to Mediaite. “I’ve told your producers that for all I know this is something that one of Howard Stern’s punk people have been doing... I don’t have a high degree of confidence in it,”"
1565,"One of the five Taliban members swapped by the Obama administration in exchange for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl has reportedly tried to return to terrorist activity, trying to reconnect with Islamic extremists near Qatar, according to CNN."
1567,"Joe Riquelme, creator of the popular iPhone video editing app Videoshop, surprised his parents on Christmas by revealing that he had paid off their mortgage. Riquelme, who goes by “Joey Trombone” on social media, took to YouTube on Thursday to share the touching footage of his parents reacting to his generous gift (see below). In the clip, Riquelme and his parents are cuddled on a couch when he casually tells them he has one more gift. He then pulled a folded enveloped from his sweatshirt and presented it to his mom. “It has to be a nice present,” she said while opening it."
1568,"It is one of the most annoying aspects of modern air travel - kicking off shoes and removing belts to get through security without setting off the scanner. One frustrated traveller clearly decided the only answer was to strip off altogether, much to the surprise of security guards"
1569,"Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was named as the suspected shooter after he (and possibly others) allegedly opened fire at the National War Memorial in Ottawa, Canada, Wednesday, CNN reported."
1570,"Brokaw's ire was prompted by Williams' admission that a story he has often repeated about being in a helicopter, which was shot down during the 2003 Iraq war, was untrue."
1572,"Multiple users of anonymous web browser Tor have reported that Comcast has threatened to cut off their internet service unless they stop using the legal software. According to a report on Deepdotweb, Comcast customer representatives have branded Tor ""illegal"" and told customers that using it is against the company's policies. Tor is a type of web browser that, in theory, makes all your internet activity private. The software routes traffic through a series of other connected internet users, making it difficult for governments and private companies to monitor your internet usage. Up to 1.2 million people use the browser, which became especially popular after Edward Snowden leaked information showing that the"
1573,"Astronomers, including experts at NASA, have questioned whether the blast and crater, reported earlier this week outside the Nicaraguan capital, were actually the product of a meteorite. Initial reports, including information issued by the Nicaraguan government, suggested a piece of space rock broke off from a larger asteroid passing between the Earth and its moon -- creating a sizable crater, measuring roughly 40 feet across, near Managua's international airport. But NASA officials say the lack of eyewitness accounts raises doubts about that scenario. Plus, astronomers say, the timeline doesn't work out. ""This event was separated by 13 hours from the close Earth approach of 2014"
1574,"Poverty-stricken parents took to the streets to auction off their son to the highest bidder. The reason? They need money to pay for cancer treatment to save the life of his twin sister. The little girl has acute leukemia and the parents were told that she would die without urgent medical treatment. Horrifying and sad photos show 29-year-old Meng Xiangyan, the mom of the twins, on the streets in Eastern China. She said: ""Up until a year ago we had a wonderful family and we thought we had everything we could need with a wonderful little boy and a wonderful little girl who are twins. But all that changed"
1575,"Seth Rogen just landed the role to play Christian Bale’s sidekick in Sony’s upcoming biopic on Steve Jobs. Rogen will reportedly don the mantle of Steve Wozniak, according to Variety, in the film written by Aaron Sorkin and directed by Danny Boyle. The film is based on Walter Isaacson’s biography on Steve, and is said to be divided into three long scenes that take place backstage before Apple product launches. Sorkin says the film will portray Jobs as part-hero, part anti-hero, leaving Rogen plenty of room to bring in some comedic relief. Steve Wozniak co-founded Apple with Steve Jobs and was the"
1577,"Evander Kane and the Winnipeg Jets appear to be hitting a wall in their relationship, which could result in the team trading the young winger. Kane, 23, has been the subject of trade rumors for the past few seasons, and may finally be on the move prior to the March 2 trade deadline. With three-years left on his contract, beyond this season, at an annual salary of $6 million -- his annual cap hit is $5.25 million -- Kane is an extremely valuable asset, presumably in need of a change of scenery. After scoring 30 goals in the 2011-12 season, Kane has yet to break 20 goals. It should be noted"
1579,"BUNBURY, Australia, Oct. 16 (UPI) -- A West Australian man who developed a mysterious mark on his skin during a trip to Bali said doctors found a tropical spider had burrowed under his skin."
1580,"In a video posted online Tuesday, ISIS beheads James Wright Foley, an American freelance journalist who was captured in Syria in 2012. The video says the killing is a warning to the U.S. to end its intervention in Iraq. The video also shows Steven Sotloff, a freelance journalist working for Time, and threatens that he will be next. Sotloff's kidnapping seems to have been kept secret until now. Foley was working as a photographer in Syria for AFP when he was taken."
1582,"A Lego pamphlet from 1974, unearthed and posted on Reddit this weekend, has some advice for parents that rings true 40 years later: True then, true now. (Reddit / fryd_) The pamphlet's authenticity was questioned after it went viral over the weekend, but Lego spokesman Roar Rude Trangbk confirmed to Quartz that the document is real, and was included with a series of Lego dollhouses. (If the dollhouse figures look a little strange in the photo above, it's because Lego's iconic ""minifigure"" wasn't invented until 1978.) ""The pamphlet was contained in the product line regarding"
1584,Banksy appears to have shared a message of sorrow and hope Wednesday after an attack on the Paris office of the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo left 12 people dead. The drawing was shared from an Instagram account and Facebook page that many believe are associated with the enigmatic street artist.
1585,"Apple was light on technical specifications in announcing its forthcoming Watch earlier this month, but one analyst has checked with the company's supply chain to find component makers expect the final shipping product to include 512 megabytes of RAM, and a ""mainstream version"" with 4 gigabytes of internal storage."
1586,"Two friends have a 20-year-old McDonald’s Quarter Pounder that they’ve keep safe for another friend for the past two decades. It was 20 years ago when the friend asked the two to pick up the Quarter Pounder for him while they were at the local McDonald’s, but he never showed up to eat the burger, according to 9 News on Feb. 16. A 20-year-old burger, a McDonald's Quarter Pounder with Cheese, looks pretty much the same as a new Quarter Pounder looks today! YouTube screen shot It became a joke over the next few weeks when the friend still hadn"
1588,"Boko Haram denies claims by Nigeria's government that it has agreed to a ceasefire and will release more than 200 abducted schoolgirls. The group's leader, Abubakar Shekau, said the girls had converted to Islam and been married off since being taken. Nigeria's army announced a ceasefire with the militants on 17 October, saying the girls would soon be freed. But violence has continued since news of the alleged truce, including a fatal bomb blast on Friday. Boko Haram has been fighting an insurgency since 2009, with some 2,000 civilians reportedly killed this year. Boko Haram has been fighting an insurgency since 2009, with some 2,000 civilians reportedly killed this"
1589,"President Obama declared that the entire world was “appalled” by the beheading of an American journalist by militants in Syria, but vowed that America would not change course in Iraq."
1590,"Vice President Osama Nujaifi condemned the ""heinous crime which perpetrated by terrorist Daash in killing three hundred soldiers were trapped in the regions of Saqlawiyah and Alsger of Anbar province."
1592,"He popped the question — and burned down his college sports hall. Hopeless romantic Dim Xiong Chien planned to propose to his girlfriend, Cong Yen, in explosive fashion by setting off fireworks as he got down on one knee."
1594,"(Update: The story has been updated to reflect new evidence and analysis from experts.) News has been circulating about a potential meteorite strike near Managua, Nicaragua late Saturday night, just 13 hours or so before the close flyby of 20-m asteroid 2014 RC, leading some to suggest that the two events are related."
1595,"The Apple Watch Sport may start at a mere $349, but the product line's price point could well soar from there! According to Daring Fireball's John Gruber, Apple's 18-karat gold Apple Watch Edition may sell for as much as $4,999. ""Most people think I'm joking when I say the gold ones are going to start at $5,000,"" Gruber writes in a new blog post. ""I couldn't be more serious."" Gruber notes that the device might cost $1,999 at a bare minimum, but this is unlikely since the components alone would cost more than this. While $4,999 would give"
1597,Turkey expressed dismay that the weapons intended for the Kurds ended up with ISIS.
1598,"The British security services MI5 and MI6 have identified the British member of the Islamic State jihadist organization who is suspected of murdering American journalist James Foley, according to the London-based Sunday Times newspaper."
1599,"In this video posted to YouTube and all over Reddit, a young man gives his parents an envelope for Christmas. Inside that envelope is a note telling them that he has paid off their mortgage. Things then get teary very quickly. Here's a photo of what was in the envelope, along with some nice reaction shots. 5kjqm0H Ugh. I'm not crying, you're crying. You're the baby."
1602,"An Australian man claims he had a tropical spider surgically removed from his body after discovering it had burrowed into his stomach, but some commentators have cast doubt on his version of events"
1603,"An internal state document obtained by South Korea’s KBS TV station contains an ‘administrative order’ from Kim Jong-il for all party, army and police officials to ensure the directive was carried out"
1605,"CNN just aired an audio tape, allegedly recorded during the Michael Brown shooting, in which eleven gunshots can be heard—nearly double the number of shots originally reported. CNN says it has not independently verified the tape's authenticity. The recording, first played played late Monday night, was allegedly made by a man video chatting in a building near where Brown was fatally shot August 9. After airing the tape, anchor Don Lemon interviewed the man's attorney, Lopa Blumenthal, who said the FBI had already interviewed both her and her client. ""He heard loud noises, and at the time he didn't even realize the import"
1606,"Iraqi pilots who have joined Islamic State in Syria are training members of the group to fly in three captured fighter jets, a group monitoring the war said on Friday, saying it was the first time the militant group had taken to the air."
1608,"BEIRUT — Islamic State group jihadists are being trained by Saddam Hussein’s former pilots to fly three fighter jets captured from the Syrian military, a monitoring group said Friday Read more: Islamic State fighters training to fly captured jets -- watchdog | The Times of Israel http://www.timesofisrael.com/islamic-state-fighters-training-to-fly-captured-jets-watchdog/#ixzz3GQYEsEbc Follow us: @timesofisrael on Twitter | timesofisrael on Facebook The planes, which are believed to be MiG-21 and MiG-23 jets, are"
1610,"Ahmed Abdi Godane — the leader of al Shabab, the Islamic militant organization behind the siege on a mall in Kenya last year — was killed in a U.S. military strike earlier this week, an al Shabab source told NBC News on Friday. The Pentagon confirmed the death later in the day. “Removing Godane from the battlefield is a major symbolic and operational loss to al Shabab,” said Rear Adm. John Kirby, a Pentagon spokesman. “The United States works in coordination with its friends, allies and partners to counter the regional and global threats posed by violent extremist organizations.” A U.S."
1611,"Days before Christmas, Internet prankster Josh Paler Lin set out to capture a simple social experiment on video. The YouTube star, better known for his sex in bathrooms and mafia gags, decided that he'd give a homeless man named Thomas $100 and then secretly follow him around to see how he'd spend the money."
1613,"Police in Mexico have found mass graves containing at least 15 charred bodies near where 43 students disappeared after a deadly police shooting last week. The burial pits were found Saturday on a hill in a community outside Iguala, Southern Mexico, the town where the students were last seen. Witnesses claimed that they had last been seen being led away by police. Twenty-two police officers were arrested in Guerrero today, accused of killing two students during the clashes last week. Scroll down for video Mexican authorities are investigating a mass grave discovered on the outskirts of Iguala, the same city where 43 students have been missing for a week A Mexican navy"
1614,"A Texas plumber has been receiving endless calls and even threats after his Ford F-250 truck – featuring decals of his “Mark-1 Plumbing” company –showed up in a photo being driven by Islamic State militants in Syria. Mark Oberholtzer, who has owned and operated his Mark-1 Plumbing company in Texas City for over three decades, confirmed to CBS News that his pickup truck had indeed found its way to the front lines of Syria’s civil war and been converted into an anti-aircraft vehicle. The photo surfaced on Monday after the Ansar al-Deen Front of ISIS militants posted it to Twitter with a man standing in"
1615,"The World Health Organisation is investigating reports that ISIS militants have been showing up at an Iraqi hospital with Ebola, repots Mail Online. According to three media outlets an undisclosed number of militants displaying signs of the disease attended a hospital in the ISIS-held city of Mosul, 250 miles north of Baghdad. While the reports, from Kurdish and pro-Iraqi sources, remain unconfirmed, WHO spokesman Christy Feig said the group are trying to reach out to officials in ISIS-held areas to offer help"
1619,"Vermin? They're totally in Vogue. According to staffers who work at the storied fashion bible, helmed by Anna Wintour, the brand-new Vogue offices at the Freedom Tower in downtown New York City are full of furry little friends – and no one thinks it's chic at all."
1622,A blast that filled Nicaragua's 1.2 million capital Managua with dismay on Sunday night is most probably a meteorite that left a 12-meter crater near the city’s airport.
1623,"Meet 19-year-old Jess Smith. 18 years is a long time to keep a secret, and first-year dance education student Jess Smith couldn’t hold her tongue any longer. “So I’ve recently celebrated my 19th birthday and after a lot of thought, I’ve decided it’s time to tell everyone,” Smith wrote on Facebook. “I used to hide it but after a lot of encouragement from my friends at university, I’ve gained the confidence to come out with it. I am the sun from Teletubbies. There has been quite a few people pretending to be ‘the sun’ but"
1625,"You may have seen an article on social media about a town in Texas being quarantined because of Ebola. The story was written on the website NationalReport.net, which is a satire news site. The story claimed the town of Purdon was quarantined after a family of five tested positive for the virus. The website also said road blocks had been set up keeping people out of the town. Snopes.com, a website that examines rumors and urban myths, created an entry debunking the story after it was shared 79,000 times in nine hours."
1627,THIS is the terrible moment a desperately poor young woman tries to sell her son – to fund life-saving treatment for her daughter. Mum Meng Xiangyan faced a real-life Sophie's Choice when poverty forced h...
1628,"American fears may be realized. One of the five Taliban members released from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is believed to have returned to militant activity in Qatar. CNN’s Barbara Starr reported Thursday that one of the Taliban Five may have reverted back to terrorism. Over the last few months, one of the men released has reached out to militants. The administration now suspects that he may again be a threat. The White House was already facing renewed criticism for the deal made this summer. Many experts criticized the plan, saying it set a precedent to negotiate and exchange prisoners with terrorist groups. The government of Jordan has indicated"
1630,The leader of Islamist group Boko Haram dismissed claims by the Nigerian government that it has signed a truce or agreed to release captives including the schoolgirls kidnapped in April.
1631,"This is Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers who reportedly shot a gunman inside Centre Block. FOX News reported: The gunmen then ran to the Parliament building, where witnesses later said they saw one gunman down near the library. Bernard Trottier, a Toronto-area MP, tweeted that the gunman inside Centre Block “has been shot and killed.” The other was reportedly being sought. Veteran Affairs Minister Julian Fantino told QMI Agency that Parliament’s sergeant-at-arms, Kevin Vickers, shot one gunman dead. Kevin Vickers The Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers carries the Mace from the House of Commons at the"
1634,"ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has reportedly been killed by a U.S. airstrike, an attack that left three other senior members of the militant group dead. The ISIS leader was killed during an air strike in the city of Mosul, which ISIS forces took over this summer. A Pentagon spokesperson did not confirm the death, but thousands of social media users have passed around an unverified photo claiming to be the ISIS leader’s body. It was also reported by Iraqi News. Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren did say that any ISIS leaders “inside troop formations they are likely to be killed.” Abu Bakr al-Bag"
1637,"Big Bank Hank, a member of the early hip-hop group the Sugarhill Gang has died of complications from cancer at age 57. The group were responsible for one of the most popular rap songs of all time, Rapper’s Delight. The musician died Tuesday at a hospital in Englewood, New Jersey, according to David Mallie, a business manager for two former members of the group, and Aree Booker, a funeral director with Eternity Funeral Services. Big Bank Hank, whose real name was Henry Jackson, was born in the Bronx borough of New York. He was a part of the Sugarhill Gang in 1979 when it had"
1638,"Talk about a story to make your skin crawl. Australian Dylan Thomas, 21, was on vacation in beautiful Bali, Indonesia, when his body was invaded -- by a spider that had burrowed under his skin."
1640,"LONDON -- Stan Beaton lost his wife a decade ago, so he cherished the simple voicemail greeting she had recorded at their home in northern England. Then, without warning, it disappeared; deleted by his phone service provider, Virgin Media. When Virgin heard about his story, BBC Radio Leeds reports, they set a team of 10 employees to the task of bringing the audio back, and the radio station was on hand this week to surprise Stan with a sound he believed he'd never hear again. ""That's her,"" he says choking up as he hears his late wife's voice. ""Wonderful. Wonderful."" As Stan"
1642,The Scottish SPCA is appealing to the public for any information related to a dog that was found abandoned at a railway station along with a suitcase full of its belongings.
1644,"Jordan’s King Abdullah ibn al-Hussein, who has trained as a pilot, may fly a bomber himself on Thursday in the country’s retaliation against the ISIS."
1645,"Islamic State of Iraq and Syria leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi probably isn't dead, but no one who's in a position to know for sure is saying anything."
1646,"Late last month, as Apple fans were joyously spending their first days with the brand new iPhone 6 Plus, rumours began to swirl that putting the phone in your pocket could irreversibly bend it."
1647,A species of magic mushroom has been found growing in the grounds of BUCKINGHAM PALACE. TV gardener Alan Titchmarsh was astounded when he came across the funny fungi while filming a Christmas special at th...
1648,"North Koreans are prohibited from sharing the name of their leader, South Korean media reported Wednesday. The ban on anyone being named Kim Jong Un would probably affect thousands in the reclusive nation as the surname Kim is one of the most common in both Korean states and the given name Jong Un is also popular."
1649,"A British-born U.S. photojournalist held by al-Qaida militants in Yemen has been killed in a failed rescue attempt, his sister has revealed today. Luke Somers had been held hostage since September 2013 in Yemen's capital Sana'a having moved to the country two years earlier. His sister Lucy told Associated Press that she learned of her 33-year-old brother's death from FBI agents at 5am this morning. 'We ask that all of Luke's family members be allowed to mourn in peace,' she said from London. Scroll down for video Lucy Somers said she learned of her 33-year-old brother"
1651,"In an effort to console a grieving boy after the death of his beloved pup, Pope Francis declared that ‘all of God’s creatures’ have a shot of ending up in heaven when they die."
1652,"The 2.67m wels catfish was caught in the Po Delta, which is known for having the perfect living conditions for giant wels to flourish. It was found in the Po Delta, which is known for having the perfect living conditions for giant wels to flourish. According to a British wels catfish website, they have hundreds'velcro-like teeth' used to hold prey before passing food to 'crushing pads' at the back of the throat. It records the UK record dating back to 1997 as a four-and-a-half stone fish caught in Bedfordshire."
1654,"There may be easier — and less painful — ways to get closer to God. An Indian spiritual guru and multi-millionaire has convinced up to 400 followers that they should cut off their own testicles, Metro reported. Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, 47, said the castrations would bring the men closer to God. The painful procedures were carried out at a hospital owned by Singh, who is worth $40 million. He also has around 50 million followers worldwide. Singh has been dubbed the ""Guru in Bling."" The men were castrated around the year 2000 but the cases are only now coming to light as Singh is accused of grievous bodily"
1656,"A video has emerged with claims that it shows a large, hairy figure walking swiftly through a snowy, wooded area in Russia. Key details about the incident are missing. But the visuals are remarkable. Watch it here: According to Mirror online, some Russian adventurers went in search of the elusive Yeti -- that's what many call Bigfoot in Russia -- after reports of creature sightings emerged from a remote region of the southwestern Adygea Republic in the foothills of the Caucasus Mountains. The map below shows Adygea's capital city of Maykop. The research team spoke to local residents who said they saw the unusual animal. The Daily"
1657,"Browse Islamic State latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Islamic State at abcnews.com"
1658,The Islamic State released a video of its jihadists beheading American journalist James Wright Foley in Syria. The video is almost five minutes long and includes threats against President Barack Obama and the United States.
1659,"A soldier was reportedly shot at Canada's National War Memorial while a second person, believed to be a fatally wounded gunman, was given medical attention beside the Library of Parliament."
1660,"Years ago, I had a job in China where I evaluated the spoken English of college students. One bright young woman introduced herself to me with her Chinese name. Then she added: ""You can call me 'Easy.' That's my English name."" I paused, thought for a moment, and then decided to say something. ""You might want to consider changing your name,"" I said, explaining—as delicately as possible—that ""easy"" was an unfortunate name for a woman. Mortified, she thanked me for the tip. ""I'm going to go and change my name now,"" she said. """
1661,Government spokeswoman says committee has determined it was a'relatively small' meteorite that 'appears to have come off an asteroid that was passing close to Earth'
1666,The gunman who charged into Parliament after shooting a Canadian Forces reservist was struck by nearly a dozen bullets from security officers and finally was brought down by Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers.
1667,"While Bosnia has a widely publicised problem with underage pregnancies, a recent unverified report highlights the full extent of the problem. A shocking case has been reported in the Bosnian press, claiming that seven primary school children from a small town, returned home pregnant after a five-day field trip. The case has provoked nationwide discussions about sex education in Bosnia where the number of sexually active girls aged between 13 and 15 has increased significantly. Senad Mehmedbasic, a gynaecologist from Sarajevo said that the growing trend for underage pregnancies is worrying. ""It is worrying that girl 13 years old to have sex, but that is the trend"
1669,"Browse Islamic State latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Islamic State at abcnews.com"
1670,Resort managers in Saalbach-Hinterglemm in the state of Salzburg say their planned opening is going head as expected thanks to the fact that they saved up tons of snow from last year.
1671,"This news shouldn't bring me so much joy, but Bleeding Cool rumormonger Rich Johnston is reporting that the Batmobile, or at least one of the Batmobiles used for filming Superman v. Batman: Paths of Glory, has been stolen. The movie is being filmed in Detroit, which hasn't been going through the best times of late. There's no official confirmation yet, but hey, maybe somebody needed it to drive out of town to get some fucking water. Hey, their tax dollars paid for the breaks Warner Bros. gets for shooting in the state anyway, so when you look at it that"
1672,"Going gold doesn't cost you extra when buying an iPhone or iPad, but a gold Apple Watch could potentially run you thousands of dollars. According to French website iGen, the premium, gold-plated Apple Watch Edition model will sell for up to $5,000, with the standard Apple Watch and Apple Watch Sport retailing for $500 and $350, respectively. All versions are rumored to arrive on Feb. 14. So what does $5,000 get you? According to its description on Apple's website, the Watch Edition model sports an 18-karat gold watch case that is designed to be ""twice as hard as standard gold."" The watch utilizes a"
1673,"A man learnt a lesson, the hard way. Attempting to rape a teenager in public cost him his penis. A 46-year old man, Suresh Kumar was seen pinning a teenager to the wall in Ganganagar in Rajasthan. The next moment, he saw his penis chopped off and thrown on the road. He was dragged and taken to a local butcher shop where he was beaten with sticks for more than an hour. Thereafter, his asset was hacked with a meat cleaver and dumped in the middle of the road. According to the Daily Star, the man was abandoned bloodied and bruised, with no one helping"
1678,"A secret government document has been leaked revealing the ""administrative order"", telling authorities to ensure no one else is named ""Kim Jong-un"". And if people don't agree, then to ""train them"" to change it. It is believed anyone with the same name would be forced to have official documents, identity cards and even school certificates altered. And officials have been told to reject any birth certificates for the name. The internal policy was obtained by South Korean news station KBS TV and highlights some of the leader's craziest rules. His name game was said to have been set up by a directive shortly after cheese-"
1679,"A video allegedly showing the beheading of American photojournalist James Wright Foley, who has been missing in Syria for 636 days, by the terror organisation the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), was released today. In their video, which has not been verified yet, the group claims that the beheading is “a message to the US [...]"
1680,"The Apple Watch reveal back in September was big on excitement, but short on details. Among those things that Apple failed to mention was whether or not Cupertino’s new smartwatch will be able to withstand liquids — making it suitable for, say, swimming or washing the dishes. While we still don’t have a final, definitive answer on what is and is not advisable with the Apple Watch, Tim Cook shed a bit of light on the mystery during a Q&A session with staff at the Kurfrstendamm Apple Store in Berlin, Germany, where he is currently visiting. Cook said that that he wears his Apple Watch"
1681,"Boko Haram laughed off Nigeria's announcement of a ceasefire agreement, saying there is no such deal and schoolgirls abducted in spring have been converted to Islam and married off. Nigerian officials announced two weeks ago that they had struck a deal with the Islamist terror group. The deal, the government said, included the release of more than 200 girls whose kidnapping in April at a boarding school in the nation's north stunned the world. In a video released Saturday, the Islamist group's notorious leader fired off a series of denials. ""Don't you know the over 200 Chibok schoolgirls have converted to Islam?"" Abubakar She"
1682,"Shane Smith, the co-founder and chief executive of Vice Media, has taken his place among the high-rollers in Las Vegas after winning $1m at the Bellagio casino and spending $300,000 of his winnings on a meal for more than 30 employees and business partners."
1683,"The killing of the french policeman is also being called into question, due to the ‘lack of blood spatter consistent with that of a close range shooting’. As shown in the freeze frame below, smoke is shown to emit from the weapon, with no impact or trauma appearing to register on the body of the victim. The decision of many news outlets to blur out the victim is being debated as evidence of complicity in what many are now calling a hoax. Forensic and ballistics expert David Mayhew commented; “If the video shows events as they actually occurred, then in my opinion it is most likely that the firearm shown is discharging"
1686,"L'inspecteur viral avoue que son petit coeur a sauté de joie pendant une micro seconde en voyant cette nouvelle. Comme ont annoncé plusieurs médias (en prenant soin de mettre un point d'interrogation  la fin de leur titre, pour qu'on ne les accuse pas de propager des nouvelles-vidanges), le réalisateur de Star Wars epsiode VII, J. J. Abrams, aurait dit, au cours d'une cérémonie o il a re"
1688,"A popular Banksy Instagram account weighed in on Wednesday with a powerful homage to the murdered journalists at the French newspaper Charlie Hebdo, victims of a horrific terror attack."
1689,"Islamic State fighters are no match for Ebola. The World Health Organization is investigating whether some ill jihadists have contracted the killer disease, two sources at the agency told The Post...."
1690,"A Canadian-Israeli woman who has joined the ranks of the Kurdish militias fighting Islamic State in northern Syria has been taken captive by ISIS fighters, blogs and Islamist websites thought to be close to the militant group reported."
1692,"They haven't verified that the recording is what it claims to be, but with competition for this story among the media so ferocious, go figure that they'd choose to put it on the air and worry about authenticity later."
1693,"The fashion bible’s got a decidedly unglamorous rat problem, reports The New York Post. The new 1 World Trade Center offices of Vogue magazine are infested with rodents and editor-in-chief Anna Wintour is not happy, according to a report."
1697,"Jose Canseco was injured in an accidental shooting at his home, 8 News Now is reporting. The former Oakland Athletics slugger was at his house in east Las Vegas when the shooting occurred. This story is developing... SEE ALSO: Police Are Investigating Sexual Assault Allegations Against Jose Canseco After A Series Of Bizarre Tweets"
1698,"News about a Chinese couple selling their son to treat their daughter’s leukemia has been making its rounds in different social media sites. The couple is unable to fund their daughter’s treatment, and decided to sell the latter’s twin brother to pay for the expenses. A Chinese mother offers her son to the highest bidder for her daughter’s cancer treatment (Photo from dailymail.co.uk) According to the mother, they had been a perfect family up until they discovered their daughter’s illness. 29-year-old Meng Xiangyan went to the streets of Weihai in Qingdao, in China’s eastern Shandong province"
1699,"On Friday, Esquire.com's Ben Collins wrote a blog post in which some awkward phrasing made it appear as though tonight's episode of Monday Night Countdown on ESPN will feature a special panel discussion on domestic violence."
1700,"My wrists and I have had a troubled relationship since last week. Ever since Apple revealed its vast array of watches, my lower forearms have looked up at me and hissed: ""Well? You're going to leave us naked?"" So I spent some time yesterday browsing Apple's site and perusing all the different types of watches that will soon be available. The fancier model -- the so-called Apple Watch Edition -- does look relatively lovely on tiny female forms. But how much might it cost? All Tim Cook offered last week was that the watches -- the cheapest presumably being the sporty ones you'll sweat all over --"
1702,"Apple crushed its introduction of the Apple Watch yesterday in Cupertino, but while Kevin Lynch and Jony were waxing poetic about the design of watch and its revolutionary UI, there was one feature everyone steered clear of: battery life."
1707,"A devoted pet owner has spent £300 on saving the life of his goldfish after it became constipated. The man, who has not been named, took the fish to a veterinary practice in North Walsham, Norfolk, after noticing it was struggling to eliminate waste."
1708,"Word that Durex was rolling out a pumpkin-spice-flavored condom swept through social media over the weekend: The autumnal-themed birth control may well be just an internet invention, a riff on Starbucks’ wildly popular coffee drink."
1709,A MAN accused of trying to rape a teenage girl in India is in critical condition after locals hacked off his penis. The intended victim was saved after her screams were heard by passers by in n...
1711,"App brush list and we may have heard, but this particular thing is how to brush out, really did not go thought. Today on the microblogging to spread a piece of "" App Store is the hard work of the workers brush list ""of the picture, you can see this is really bunker brush list. Nearly Taiwan iPhone 5C neatly arranged on a special shelf, the legendary ""worker"" a step toward the phone began to brush. From side to side, so that once the amount is equivalent to brush out nearly a hundred users of the use of indicators. Importantly, this brush list, fully simulate user usage, simply"
1715,A new piece of audio has emerged that allegedly is a recording of the exact moment when Officer Darren Wilson fatally shot unarmed teen Michael Brown on Aug. 9.
1718,"Dan Olsen, a former-ish PGA Golfer, went on The Game 730 AM's Mad Dog in the Morning on Friday, and lobbed some grenades at Tiger Woods. ""I've heard that he's suspended,"" said Olsen. ""I've heard that he's on a month suspension. And it's kind of a strong witness. It's a credible person that's telling me this. It's not testosterone but it's something else. I think when it's all said and done that he's gonna surpass Lance Armstrong with infamy."" Olsen also accused Woods of using"
1720,"A South American nun suddenly started experiencing sharp pains, and not long after being rushed to the hospital, she gave birth to a baby boy. Now, the nun is claiming that she had no idea she was pregnant."
1721,"In a video titled ""A Message to America,"" ISIL militants beheaded a man that they say is American reporter James Wright Foley."
1722,"Stories are coming out of Managua, Nicaragua, that a large bang was heard by residents there Saturday evening, and it registered on seismic detectors as well. A crater was found in the woods measuring something like 12 meters (40 feet) across. Claims are being made that this was a meteorite impact, a space rock a meter or so across slamming into the ground at high speed. Phil Plait writes Slate's Bad Astronomy blog and is an astronomer, public speaker, science evangelizer, and author of Death From the Skies!... but I'm unconvinced. Reports are still a bit sketchy, but my biggest doubts come in two"
1724,"LONDON — The Islamic State militant known as ""Jihadi John,"" who has been seen in videos of hostages being beheaded, has been named as Mohammed Emwazi by the BBC and The Washington Post. The BBC said Emwazi, believed to be a Kuwaiti-born British man from west London, was known to British security services, who chose not to disclose his name for operational reasons. Jihadi John has appeared in videos showing the killings of U.S. journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, U.S. medic Abdul-Rahman Kassig and Britons David Haines and Alan Henning. The black-clad, masked militant"
1725,"This is the moment the naked truth about a husband's cheating ways were exposed to the watching world. Ting Su, 29, caught bed-hopping partner Cheng, 30, romping naked in an underground carpark along with her TWIN SISTER after using a mobile phone tracker to locate their whereabouts."
1726,"We've all had jobs we absolutely can't stand, and thanks to the Internet we've seen many examples of people quitting their jobs in amazing ways. A video popped up on YouTube today that appears to add yet another thread to this growing trend, as a ""secret ending"" to a not-at-all-popular smartphone game called Electric Boogie. The video shows a message from the game's lead developer to his boss, and the language isn't exactly kind. ""Working for you is a living hell,"" the message reads. ""You have your head so far up your ass, it's"
1728,"A Twitter account associating itself with Fox News is issuing legal threats to anyone who posts tweets that mock the cable news outlet. But the account is not official, a Fox News spokesperson told the Washington Examiner media desk. ""It's a fake account,"" the spokesperson said. The account ""@FoxNewsPress"" surfaced over the weekend in response to a hashtag that made fun of a recent segment on Fox News. The segment involved author Steve Emerson, who writes books on terrorism, claiming that there are certain ""no-go"" zones for non-Muslims in Europe, including Birmingham, which he wrongly claimed is a ""totally muslim"""
1730,"The next MacBook Air will sport a twelve-inch screen, a thinner and smaller physical footprint, a cleaner chassis with one combined power connector and USB port, faster Broadwell chipsets from Intel, and it might even come in Space Grey. That’s the theory from Marc Gurman, and there’s no immediate reason to discount it. Gurman and the 9to5Mac team have pulled together all the information, leaks, rumors, and speculation around a new Apple laptop, thrown in a dash of extrapolation, and put together a comprehensive prediction and artists impression of the new MacBook Air that should be available during the summer of"
1731,"No one was hurt A small meteorite struck a wooded area near the Nicaraguan capital's airport on Saturday night. Residents reported hearing a loud bang, and the crater left by the meteorite measured 40-feet wide and 16-feet, BBC reports. No one was hurt. Astronomer Humberto Saballos said the meteorite could be part of an asteroid that passed by Earth Saturday night. International experts have been asked to help local scientists in their investigation. [BBC]"
1732,The change would represent Mayor Bill de Blasio’s most significant effort since taking office to address the enduring effects of the department’s excessive stop-and-frisk practices.
1733,"AN AIRPORT worker has become an unwitting star on the internet after he stripped down naked in front of heavy-handed security guards. Georgy Myakinkin, 31, who works at the airport in the city of St..."
1734,"The importance of wearing a helmet when on the field of battle has been perfectly illustrated in a video uploaded to YouTube by a US Marine. In the video above, three Marines are seen to move through a building in search of a source of gunfire. As they near a doorway in single file, a bullet suddenly bounces off the Kevlar [...]"
1735,A shocking viral video of a drunk gay basher being tackled by travelers at the Dallas Fort-Worth International Airport grew a little more shocking with rumors that one of the citizen heroes was Paul Rudd.
1737,"A recent report from Cosmic Book News stated that the recently revealed Batmobile had been stolen from the Detroit set of Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice. Not suprisingly, the story turned out to be completely fake. This is also the same site that posted the fake news story earlier this year that ""Breaking Bad"" actor Bryan Cranston had been confirmed in the role of Lex Luthor. In response to the fake article and seeing an opporunity for another crossover image between his film and J.J. Abrams' ""Star Wars"" movie, director Zack Snyder has posted the following mash-up of the new Batmobile and"
1738,"Just when you thought the iPhone 6 saga—think ""Bendgate"" and fake Apple ads that led to microwave fires—couldn't possibly get worse, users are now saying the phone is causing them to lose hair, literally. Some iPhone 6 owners reported getting their hair snagged when holding the phone to their face, and they claim that the seam between the aluminium and glass screen is catching hairs and tearing them out, the Daily Mail reported earlier this week. Twitter users have been posting about the tearouts under the hashtags beardgate, seamgate and hairgate. Last month after Apple reported record sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus"
1739,"If you've seen a story floating around on your Facebook feed about Banksy getting arrested and exposed, don't worry because Banksy is still anonymous and well."
1740,US drones are being flown over Raqqa in search of ISIS leader al-Baghdadi
1742,"Barack and Michelle Obama are in Riyadh today to meet with Saudi Arabia's new ruler, King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud. Footage of the king receiving the U.S. delegation aired on Saudi TV, but several western commentators noticed something strange about the footage that made it to YouTube: There's a big ol' ovoid blur where Michelle Obama should be. MSNBC's Chris Hayes was one of the first to spread the story that Saudi TV had blurred Michelle out of the picture, borrowing the coinage ""censorka"" to describe the apparent censorship of the First Lady's exposed hair. He had to"
1743,Sick ISIS militants fed a desperate mum the mutilated remains of her son - after telling her it was cooked meat and rice. The worried mum had bravely visited the terror group's headquarters in a bid...
1744,"A disturbing video posted online appears to show the beheading of American journalist James Foley, who was kidnapped while covering the Syrian conflict in 2012. In the video a man who appears to be Foley, dressed in orange, kneels beside an armed man clad in black. Foley delivers a statement condemning U.S. action in Iraq and says that the U.S. government is his “real killers.” “For what will happen to me is only a result of their complacency and criminality,” Foley says in halting speech. “I wish I had more time. I wish I could have the hope of freedom of seeing my family once again,"
1745,"Digital retail company Amazon announced Thursday it plans to open its first brick-and-mortar store in midtown Manhattan in time for holiday shopping season. The company's first physical location will function as more of a warehouse than a big-box store. The location will have a limited supply of items available for same-day delivery in the city, and will process returns, exchanges, and pickup orders, according to The Wall Street Journal. Amazon did not immediately say how long the experimental store would remain open, or whether it was preparing to open similar physical locations elsewhere in the country."
1746,"Aaron Sorkin's upcoming film about former Apple CEO Steve Jobs has reportedly found its Steve Wozniak: Seth Rogen. The news, first reported by Variety on Thursday, comes just one week after Sorkin confirmed that Christian Bale will portray Jobs in the Sony Pictures film, which is based on Walter Isaacson's biography of the late tech luminary. Sony did not immediately respond to Mashable's request for comment about the casting report, but Rogen is no stranger to working with Sony. He previously starred in the studio's This Is the End last year and will star in The Interview in December. This is the seventh"
1747,"A message from Jim's mom, Diane Foley: We have never been prouder of our son Jim. He gave his life trying to expose the world to the suffering of the Syrian people. We implore the kidnappers to spare the lives of the remaining hostages. Like Jim, they are innocents. They have no control over American government policy in Iraq, Syria or anywhere in the world. We thank Jim for all the joy he gave us. He was an extraordinary son, brother, journalist and person. Please respect our privacy in the days ahead as we mourn and cherish Jim."
1750,"In designing its first wearable device in the Apple Watch, Apple looked to incorporate a variety of highly advanced health functions with an eye on creating a holistic monitoring device, but ultimately scrapped those plans due to technological and regulatory hurdles."
1751,"The director of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice took to Twitter to send up not only the stolen-Batmobile rumor, but to reference a competing franchise"
1752,"Macaulay Culkin has been killed off again – in yet another internet hoax. Back in April rumours surfaced that the troubled star had been found dead. Just seven months later it’s gone and happened again. Some not funny dudes thought it would be really funny to set up a Facebook page reportedly called Rip Macaulay Culkin and post a message claiming the star had died. He hasn’t, by the way. Oh LOL. The group gained thousands of likes and although has since been removed, the news is still doing the rounds on social networks. The original post is alleged to have said: ‘At about 11 a."
1756,"KIM Jong-un could try and open a restaurant in Scotland serving delicacies such as dog meat soup, North Korea experts claim. This comes after the controversial leader brought his chain, The..."
1757,An unverified video shows the beheading of David Haines
1758,"FRISCO, Texas - A patient exhibiting symptoms of Ebola who claims to have had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan showed up at a Care Now facility in Frisco Wednesday afternoon. City officials confirmed a significant medical response at the clinic located in the 300 block of Main Street. Paramedics are said to be in the process of transporting the patient, but it is unclear where. All staff and patrons at the facility are also being examined, officials said."
1760,"Money makes the world go round, right? Lunchtime: it’s that essential break in the day when you get to catch up with friends, check your feeds, eat some crappy lunch line food and, oh, if you’re 17-year-old Mohammed “Teen Wolf” Islam, allegedly rake in $72 million playing the stock market. New York magazine reported that the Queens, New York, teen made millions of dollars during his lunch breaks, which he used to buy a new BMW (which he can’t drive yet because he doesn’t have a license right now) and rent an apartment in the city. And"
1761,"The Nigerian military says it has reached a cease-fire with the violent militant group Boko Haram and that the more than 200 young women kidnapped by the group earlier this year will be freed, the BBC reports. ""They've assured us they have the girls and they will release them,"" said an aide to President Goodluck Jonathan, who hopes to be reelected in early 2015. ""I am cautiously optimistic."" A spokesperson and self-proclaimed secretary general for Boko Haram confirmed to Voice of America Danladi Ahmadu that the girls will be released on Monday in Chad. Ahmadu said the kidnapping victims are ""in good condition and unharmed."" The Nigerian"
1764,Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson stated that claims of ISIS members at the Mexican border were false.
1769,"First up, users had sleepless nights over whether slipping their new iPhone 6 Plus into the pocket of their skinny jeans might cause it to bend. And now there’s the very real fear that the new plaything might ruin their hair – or worse, their lovingly cultivated beard. This phone sure isn’t hipster-friendly. Apparently, when users try to make calls, hair is getting stuck in the seam between the glass screen and the aluminium back. And stricken customers have been taking to social media to lament their ruined locks, using the hashtags #hairgate and #beardgate. Yep, this struggle is real. My hair keeps"
1771,"According to supply chain rumors, a Samsung processor will power the Apple Watch. The Apple Watch - which is expected to land later this year - is Apple's newest class of device and will integrate closely with the iPhone, and allegedly be powered by a Samsung chip manufactured using the company's 28-nanometer process. Samsung used to manufacture chips for the iPhone or iPad, but it was replaced by TSMC. Apple allegedly switched suppliers because TSMC could produce processors using the smaller 20-namometer manufacturing process. The smaller the manufacturing process, the smaller the chips and the less energy they consume. The rumor is that Apple has ordered 3,000 to"
1772,"Amazon may be venturing beyond the world of online retail to set up its first brick-and-mortar shop, according to a report from Bloomberg News. The store will be in Seattle and its focus will be pricier merchandise such as tablet computers, the report says. And its footprint won’t be nearly as large as that of big box retailers such as Barnes & Noble. The single store is a test run for Amazon to see whether a chain of retail outlets could be profitable. If so, it could be a way for the company to make up for the declines they’ve seen in profits due to the manufacturing costs of the Kindle"
1774,"Uncertainty abounds concerning the fate of Israeli-Canadian Gill Rosenberg, who was apparently captured by ISIS. Islamist websites – some of them known to be close, or even serving as a front for ISIS – reported Sunday that the 31-year-old was captured by their warriors during fierce battles with Kurdish fighters in unspecified areas. According to the websites, Rosenberg was taken hostage following three suicide attacks on sites where Kurdish fighters had barricaded themselves. The websites gave no further details regarding the circumstances of the capture, nor did they provide any proof of it. The ISIS claims do not make clear whether Rosenberg was captured in Iraq or in Syria. The"
1775,"Another day, another dumb fake news site getting its ill-gotten clicks by exploiting the natural human desire to trust his fellow man. Time was, reporting the news was an honorable profession in which great journalists took joy in informing the public of the truth. Today, any joker with a router can pass off ""the truth"" as a modern way to crank call millions with downright cruel chicanery. One of the most egregious peddlers of these pranks is World News Daily Report, who recently posted an article titled ""Newly-Found Document Holds Eyewitness Account of Jesus Performing Miracle."" If the unnecessary hyphen wasn't enough to tip"
1776,Former LAPD officer David Klinger and CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes both told CNN's New Day Wednesday morning that the recording the network has been airing that allegedly captured the shots fired at Michael Brown could quite easily be a hoax.
1777,"An article saying McDonald’s is removing the Big Mac, Apple Pies, and large size options isn’t real. It was published on Daily Buzz Live, a fake news website. According to a disclaimer, “Most are inspired by real news events, And just a few stories are works of complete fiction. Those few articles are for entertainment purposes only. The articles and stories may or may not use real names, always a semi real and/or mostly, or substantially, fictitious ways. Therefore, just a few articles contained on this website Daily Buzz Live are works of fiction. Any truth or actual facts contained in those stories"
1778,"The New York Post decided that it was a good idea to report that members of ISIS may have been infected with Ebola. In other news, Andy Borowitz has been hired at the New York Post. (Haha, no, kidding. Can you imagine, though?) Apparently, the World Health Organization is investigating claims made by Iraqi newspaper Al-Sabah that Ebola and HIV-AIDS are spreading among residents of Mosul, brought there by ""terrorists and expats from different countries, especially Africa."" Mosul is held by ISIS; Al-Sabah is the official Iraqi government newspaper. Mashable reports that the story, which originated in Al-"
1780,"The true identity of the ISIS terrorist known as Jihadi John, who has appeared in several videos showing the beheading of hostages, reportedly has been revealed."
1781,"He’s the teen wolf of Wall Street. A kid from Queens has made tens of millions of dollars — by trading stocks on his lunch breaks at Stuyvesant High School, New York magazine reports in its Monday issue. Mohammed Islam is only 17 and still months away from graduating — but worth a rumored $72 million. “The high eight figures,” is as specific as the shy and modest teen would get when asked his net worth. Islam bought himself a BMW but doesn’t have a license to drive it. And he rented a Manhattan apartment, though his parents, immigrants from the Bengal region of South Asia, won’t let"
1784,"A photo of a woman sitting in front of what appear to be dozens of iPhone 5Cs has gone viral in China. While few details about the photo's origins are available, media have speculated she works at a Chinese App Store ranking manipulation farm. Her job is to download, install, and uninstall specific apps over and over again to boost their App Store rankings. The table she's working at seems to be specially designed for this purpose, and there's another one across from her in the background. Accompanying the photo on some sites is a screenshot displaying the supposed prices for this service. To get into the top"
1785,"Posting photos of a guntoting child online, Islamic State supporters announced that the group's youngest soldier has died in combat. Twitter accounts linked to the jihadist group, also known as ISIS or ISIL, claimed that the child soldier ""got martyred"" with his father while fighting for the terrorist group in Syria."
1786,A British man who went to fight against Islamic State in Iraq has said a mother was made to eat her own son after he was kidnapped and murdered by the group.
1787,"While local reports revealed Wednesday that the Jordanian King Abdullah will authorize airstrikes against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) group, a U.S. official described the Arab monarch as citing a Hollywood movie character when expressing his wrath upon hearing that the militants had burned his countryman pilot alive during his captivity."
1788,"Before Apple unveiled the Apple Watch last September, reports indicated the device would come with 10 sensors to track health and fitness data, leading some healthcare professionals to find the unveiled Apple Watch's health features disappointing. In a new report, The Wall Street Journal offers a look at the original Apple Watch health features that were dropped due to consistency problems. Apple began developing the watch about four years ago, with a focus on health and fitness. It’s not unusual for Apple to experiment with many technologies or shift focus during product development, but the watch was especially challenging, people familiar with the matter said. Internally, the project became known as"
1789,Chinese people have been given state advice on the adoption of English sounding names – being urged to avoid those that make them sound like a “stripper” and instead opt for ones that imply the bearer is from “a fancy or conservative family”.
1790,"(Reuters) - A mysterious late-night blast in the Nicaraguan capital of Managua that left a crater 12 meters (40 feet) wide was most likely caused by a meteorite, government scientists said on Sunday."
1791,"What they earn: Vice CEO Shane Smith's $300,000 steak dinner By: Rory McConville 19/02/2015 0 comments TwitterFacebookLinkedInRedditGoogle+EmailPrint Shane Smith  Getty images Shane Smith is the CEO of Vice Media, the youth media company and digital content creation studio. What's he buying? During a recent trip to Las Vegas, Smith paid $300,000 [...]"
1794,"Former ""NBC Nightly News"" anchor Tom Brokaw wants his replacement Brian Williams fired, the New York Post's Page Six reported Thursday night, citing sources. ""Brokaw wants Williams' head on a platter,"" an NBC source told Page Six. ""He is making a lot of noise at NBC that a lesser journalist or producer would have been immediately fired or suspended for a false report."" ournalist Brian Williams speaks on stage at The New York Comedy Festival and The Bob Woodruff Foundation present the 8th Annual Stand Up For Heroes Event at The Theater at Madison Square Garden on November 5, 2014 in New York City"
1795,"Authorities testing remains found in nine mass graves in southern Mexico have yet to find any of 43 teachers college students who disappeared after a confrontation with police, security officials said Tuesday. Forensic investigators continued to test other remains and announced the discovery of 10th mass grave Tuesday. There has been no sign of the missing in nearly three weeks, leading investigators to comb the clandestine burial sites outside of Iguala, where drug cartels are believed to dump their enemies."
1796,"Social networks do his thing again, the ProcesoMX website announced the tragic news of the death of the famous ""Dog Whisperer"" Cesar Millan, this morning after suffering a cardiac arrest fulminate. Misinformation caused great impact and controversy in social networks, causing a sad time, while no major media spread such lies. This part of the note: ""The famous"" Dog Whisperer ""Cesar Millan, died this morning after suffering a cardiac arrest fulminate."" ""The Mexican, 45, a native of La Cruz, Sinaloa, who became famous for his incredible techniques rehabilitation and training of dogs, in their"
1797,"It was the story that had everyone paralysed with fear. However, a group of spider specialists now claim the tale of the 'Bunbury Spiderman' belongs in nightmares, rather than real life"
1799,A Macedonian man hacked off his own manhood after being dumped for having bad bedroom skills. Jilted lover Oliver Ilic reportedly tossed his member in the trash after slicing it off with a single swipe from a razor blade.
1800,"British authorities previously declined to name the suspect due to 'operational reasons' The Islamic State militant known as Jihadi John has been named today as Mohammed Emwazi. The Washington Post and the BBC both named Emwazi as the Londoner seen in a series of horrific beheading videos. They report that he was known to the security services but they had chosen not to disclose his name for 'operational reasons'. The Washington Post said Emwazi, a former Westminster University student from west London, was believed to have travelled to Syria around 2012 and to have later joined IS. Scotland Yard today refused to confirm the reports. Commander Richard"
1802,"New York City continues to seek ways to cut down on the large number of low-level arrests stemming from marijuana possession. The NYPD plans to stop arrests for small amounts of marijuana, instead opting to issue court summonses, according to a report Nov. 9 in the New York Times. It wasn't immediately clear what threshold the city will use to determine low-level procession or when the new policy will be implemented. Brooklyn has stopped prosecuting most low-level marijuana cases, the borough's district attorney said July 8. The policy change in New York's most populous borough makes exceptions for those with a criminal history or who"
1803,"GAZA, Feb. 22 (Xinhua) -- A Palestinian minister lashed out at Israel on Sunday after it opened its dams near the border with the Gaza Strip, flooding the central area of the besieged enclave with huge amounts of water."
1804,"Seven girls from a Bosnian school, all aged between 13 and 14, have fallen pregnant during a five-day school trip to the country's capital, Sarajevo. The school is based in the Bosnian town of Banja Luka, and took 28 teenage girls on an educational visit to the city with intentions to visit museums and places of historical significance. But it seems the unsupervised girls got up to a lot more than that while they were staying away from home. The case has triggered serious discussion about the state of Bosnia's sex education, with the number of 13-15-year-old girls having underage sex having seen a dramatic spike in recent"
1805,"This is it! Don't get scared now!...because Kevin McCallister is alive and well, folks! Days after the Twittersphere blew up with reports that ""Home Alone"" actor Macaulay Culkin passed away, reps for the former child star have said news of his alleged death is simply a hoax. Home Alone Hey, it's not the first time he's been plagued by these rumors! His reps — like this time — dismissed the claims. Don't worry, MC! These nine other stars have been in the same boat. Scroll through and see how some of them hilariously reacted to the news of"
1806,"Michael Phelps may be off to rehab trying to find himself, but before his latest brush with the law, he allegedly could often be found with Taylor Lianne Chandler."
1807,"Reports that Islamic State militants in Mosul have contracted Ebola swirled though Iraqi media sources on Wednesday. World Health Organization officials said they haven't confirmed the cases, but the organization has reached out to offer assistance. Three outlets reported that Ebola showed up at a hospital in Mosul, a city 250 miles north of Baghdad that's been under ISIS control since June 2014. The reports, however, have perpetuated mostly in pro-government and Kurdish media. ""We have no official notification from [the Iraqi government] that it is Ebola,"" Christy Feig, WHO's director of communications told Mashable. Feig added that WHO is in the process"
1808,We're just two months away from the Apple Watch launch and things still seem not to be set in stone. Some new features or misfeatures about Apple's first wearable foray are still coming in.
1813,"A video of Vladimir Putin apparently being pooped on by a passing bird during a speech has proved to be a fake. Footage uploaded to YouTube claimed to show the embarrassing incident as the Russian President spoke at the unveiling of a First World War memorial in Moscow on Friday. Even by Putin&rsquo;s ice man standards, he did seem remarkably unfazed by the present on his shoulder &ndash; probably because it was never there. In all other footage of the event the bird poo is nowhere to be seen and it does not appear on any pictures taken by multiple international agencies. If the incident had been real, it would"
1814,"In 2015, there’s the quality-fake news and the crappy-fake news. Examples? Of course. The quality: Fake news source The Onion quoted fake people on a very real, if unbelievable, subject on March 3, 2015: As the Utah Senate weighed legal medical marijuana last week, a DEA agent testified that he came across “rabbits that had cultivated a taste for the marijuana” while eradicating illegal pot farms in the wild back-country. It’s hard to believe, a drug enforcement agent’s encounter with stoned rabbits, but that part’s real. The fake part: The Onion quoted fake people’"
1815,"(Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is in firm control of his government but has hurt his leg, a source with access to the secretive North's leadership said on Thursday, playing down speculation over the 31-year-old's health and grip on power. North Korea's state media, which usually chronicles Kim's whereabouts in great detail, has not made any mention of his activities since he attended a concert with his wife on Sept. 3. The source said that Kim hurt his leg while inspecting military exercises."
1817,"The FBI is reportedly investigating a new audiotape that allegedly captures the shooting of Michael Brown, according to CNN. In the tape, you can hear what sounds like at least 10 shots fired, with a significant pause separating the shooting into two segments. CNN's Don Lemon said the news network hasn't confirmed the tape's authenticity. Lopa Blumenthal, a Missouri-based attorney for the unidentified man who unknowingly captured the shooting while video-chatting with a friend, claimed on CNN that the tape shows that Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson had a ""point of contemplation"" before firing the final volley of shots. The man who recorded"
1818,"Video messaging app Glide on Thursday said it has verified the authenticity and timestamp of a recording that a Ferguson, Missouri resident captured as a police officer shot 18-year-old Michael Brown to death on a residential street. While the anonymous Glide user was chatting with a friend, the sounds of what appear to be gunshots can be heard in the background (CNN video below). The user turned over the video to the FBI as evidence. Forensic audio expert Paul Ginsberg told CNN he detected six shots, followed by four more after a brief pause. An autopsy report commissioned by Brown's family said the unarmed man was shot at least six times"
1819,"A holidaymaker was left horrified after discovering a tropical spider had burrowed underneath his skin during a trip to Bali. Dylan Thomas was abroad with friends when he discovered the strange red trail stretching two inches across his stomach. The 21-year-old Australian was told by doctors at the Bali International Medical Centre that he was suffering from an allergic reaction to an insect bite and was sent away with some antihistamine cream. But three days later, when the red mark began to blister, and almost double in length, Mr Thomas knew there was something wrong. After going back to the medical centre to see a dermatologist, health professionals were shocked to discover that"
1820,"Taylor Lianne Chandler, a woman who claims to be Michael Phelps' girlfriend, has revealed that she was born intersex and was given the name David Roy Fitch at birth. As per the Intersex Society of North America, intersex is: A general term used for a variety of conditions in which a person is born with a reproductive or sexual anatomy that doesn’t seem to fit the typical definitions of female or male. For example, a person might be born appearing to be female on the outside, but having mostly male-typical anatomy on the inside. Or a person may be born with genitals that seem"
1821,"ABUJA, Nov 1- A man claiming to be Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau said more than 200 girls kidnapped by the group six months ago had been ""married off"" to its fighters, contradicting Nigerian government claims they would soon be freed. Nigeria's military says it killed Shekau a year ago, and authorities said in September that they had also killed an imposter..."
1822,"A small town sits on Federal Highway 95. Just a short two-hour drive away from Mexico City, Iguala is plagued by the tragic triangulation between gangsters, crooked cops, and beleaguered government officials."
1825,"A MYSTERIOUS explosion that rocked Nicaragua’s crowded capital Managua, creating a large crater, appears to have been caused by a small meteorite. Amazingly, in a sprawling city of 1.2 million people, the impact near the international airport did not cause any known injuries, but it did leave a crater measuring 12 metres across and was felt throughout the capital late on Saturday. Nicaraguan authorities believe it was a piece of the small asteroid dubbed “2014 RC,” which passed very close to Earth yesterday and was estimated by astronomers to be about 20 metres big, or the size of a house. “We are convinced that this was a meteorite."
1826,"One passenger at Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C. is apparently not taking any chances. A female passenger dressed in a hazmat suit — complete with a full body gown, mask and gloves — was spotted Wednesday waiting for a flight at the airport. Another traveler snapped a photo of the woman and provided it to The Daily Caller. Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person to be diagnosed of Ebola on American soil, had a layover at Dulles last month while traveling from West Africa to Texas. He died last week. Health officials have said that passengers at the airport were not at risk for exposure to Ebola because Duncan was not"
1827,"As reported by the Daily Star, the despot has requested for bottles of snake wine, each including a pickled cobra, to be sent to his palace in North Korea. Legend has it that snake wine has medicinal properties and can both increase fertility in women and improve virility in men. Kim Jong-un and his wife, Ri Jol-su, are allegedly having problems conceiving due to health problems from Jong-un being overweight. The leader is said to have recently developed a taste for French cheese and Johnnie Walker whisky, which has made him so fat he’s fractured his ankles. “The elite in the country joke that he is"
1828,"Another nun who had no idea that she was pregnant surprised her mother superior and sisters as she gave birth to a baby boy recently, according to the Daily Mail."
1829,"There’s getting caught short and then there is this guy. Weather forecaster Mike Seidel obviously thought he had enough time to answer a quick call of nature, but clearly he was wrong. In a video uploaded to YouTube by Kris Tatum, NBC Nightly news reader Lester Holt cuts to Seidel ready for the forecast. Holt says: ‘Let’s bring in Weather Channel meteorologist Mike Seidel he’s in Sugar Mountain, North Carolina. Hi Mike.’ But then there is an awkward pause until Seidel eventually says ‘Why?’ Holt adds: ‘Well, obviously Mike’s not ready for us.’"
1831,"Legendary Sugarhill Gang rapper Big Bank Hank has lost his battle with cancer at the age of 57. The hip-hop veteran died in his native New York in the early hours of Tuesday. Born Henry Jackson, the star began his music career managing local rap group the Cold Crush Brothers in the mid-1970s, until his own talent was spotted by record executive Sylvia Robinson. She paired him up with Michael 'Wonder Mike' Wright and Guy 'Master Gee' O'Brien to form the Sugarhill Gang, and signed them to her newly-established namesake label, Sugar Hill Records. The trio became the first rap act to score a"
1832,"14.3K 3077reddit70 32 (RNS) When Pope Francis recently sought to comfort a distraught boy whose dog had died, the pontiff took the sort of pastoral approach he is famous for — telling the youngster not to worry, that he would one day see his pet in heaven."
1833,"Browse Pumpkin Spice Condom latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Pumpkin Spice Condom at abcnews.com"
1834,"MGM Resorts International unintentionally outed Vice Media CEO Shane Smith's ridiculously expensive $300,000 dinner at the Bellagio casino's Prime Steakhouse in January. Asked yesterday about spending levels at the company's casinos, MGM CEO James Murren bragged about the tab to Nomura analyst Harry Curtis: ""$300,000 for dinner at Prime. That's a pretty good check. You would have liked the wine, Harry."" Murren didn't identify the person who ran up the six-figure bill, but Bloomberg reporters quickly connected the dinner to Smith, who at the time of the meal was in the midst of a hot run at the blackjack tables"
1835,"(Reuters) - The Pentagon is assessing whether an airstrike on an encampment in Somalia killed al Shabaab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane, but if confirmed the militant's death would represent a very significant blow to the group, the Pentagon said on Tuesday."
1836,"The younger sister of North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un has taken over important state duties from her ailing brother, as he recovers from a mysterious illness, it has been reported."
1837,"Microsoft is testing a fleet of K5 security guard robots on its Silicon Valley campus. They weigh 300 pounds and are 5 feet tall. They use cameras and sensors to keep track of their surroundings and look for suspcious activity. They can “see” license plate numbers and even analyze faces. While K5s aren’t equipped with weapons (and can’t run or get in someone’s face anyway), they do have onboard alarms and sirens to alert people if something bad is going on. And if they spot something that a person should handle, they can call a human security guard over. The K5s"
1839,"A man in Carlisle who slaps locals if they are caught sneezing is being hunted by police. The man, who is described as middle-aged, first assaulted a woman on Monday, smacking her around the back of the head after she sneezed, in what police have described as ‘very strange behaviour’."
1840,"The man who scaled the White House fence and was able to run through the front doors made it farther into the building than was previously reported, CBS News has learned. The man, 42-year-old Omar J. Gonzalez, ran unobstructed for 70 yards across the front lawn of the White House before entering through the North Portico. On the way, he brushed by a Secret Service officer with a drawn gun, CBS News' Bill Plante reports. Gonzalez then proceeded to run through the entrance hall to the cross hall of the White House, past the staircase that leads up to the first family's residence. He was confronted by a"
1841,"After early discussions to play the Apple founder, Christian Bale has decided to part ways with the Steve Jobs biopic at Sony. While negotiations were never fully under way, sources tell Variety that Bale had talks with director Danny Boyle about taking on the role, but a deal never came to fruition."
1843,"In quite recent news, J J Abrams has reportedly said at the Visual Effects Society Awards (2015) that he may release his extremely anticipated film, Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens. instead of winter he may move his film down the line for a summer release! This is an extremely brave move (if true) as it puts Star Wars [...]"
1844,"An American journalist held for more than a year by Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Yemen was killed during a rescue attempt by United States commandos late Friday, a senior United States official said."
1846,"Christian Bale will not be starring as Steve Jobs in Aaron Sorkin's upcoming Steve Jobs biopic, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The actor has reportedly decided that he was ""not right for the part,"" deciding to withdraw from the film. Bale was announced as the star of the film just last week, with Sorkin saying that Christian Bale was ""the best actor in a certain age range"" to play Jobs, and that he had agreed to the part without an audition. Set to be directed by Danny Boyle, who also directed the Oscar-winning hit Slumdog Millionaire, the upcoming Steve Jobs project focuses on three continuous 30-"
1847,"Before he checked into rehab in September, Michael Phelps was having a steamy affair with much older blonde, Taylor Lianne Chandler. But the most shocking aspect of their relationship wasn’t the 12-year age difference."
1848,"McDonald’s Will Stop Serving Overweight Customers Beginning 1/1/15. Obesity in America has more than doubled over the last 2 decades and has become the leading public health issue in the U.S. With more than two-thirds of the adult population overweight, McDonald’s has decided to become part of the solution – not the problem. fat-kid-in-mcdonalds According to reports, beginning January 1, 2015, McDonald’s will no longer serve customers with a weight capacity over 170 lbs for women and 245 lbs for men. Children’s weight restrictions will vary depending on age and height. McDonald’s is currently"
1849,"After being officially dead for 48 minutes and having his heart restarted, a 71 year-old Massachusetts Catholic Priest woke up and shared that he went to heaven and met God. Who he claimed to be a warm and Motherly figure. Father John Micheal O’neal was rushed to a hospital after suffering a massive heart attack: and was [...]"
1852,"As far as revenge goes, this woman has it covered. Ting Su, 29, caught her husband and twin cheating on her and followed them to a shopping centre using a mobile phone tracker."
1853,A dog was found abandoned at a Scottish train station next to a suitcase filled with it's belongings and now the local animal welfare charity are looking for tips into who is the neglectful owner.
1854,"No craving can be more important than your health as the North Korean leader finds it out the hard way. Kim Jong-un broke his ankle after he had put on extra weight from regularly consuming imported cheese, said a report on Tuesday."
1855,"And we're live! Weather Channel meteorologist Mike Seidel was caught off guard on live TV during a segment on NBC Nightly News over the weekend. Like, really off guard!"
1857,"Those caught with the same moniker as the dictator would apparently have to be ""trained"" to change it North Korean citizens hoping to name themselves after Kim Jong-Un in the near future are out of luck, because the leader has banned the use of his moniker, and ordered those who already have it to be “trained” to change it."
1858,"You may have seen the amazing story today about the high school kid who made $72 million trading stocks. There were plenty of red flags in the original New York Magazine article. But now CNBC is reporting that the $72 million figure is totally bogus. Mohammed Islam, a 17-year-old high school kid in New York, was profiled as a Wall Street whiz kid who was raking in millions. The New York Magazine piece implies that his wealth ($72 million or not) largely came from trading. Mo got into trading oil and gold, and his bank account grew. Though he is shy about the $72 million number, he confirmed his net worth"
1859,"Axl Rose, the singer of Guns N’ Roses, has not died in West Hollywood at the age of 52. A hoax news website designed to look like MSNBC was promulgating the false rumors this week."
1860,"An Australian man rather understandably says his trip to Bali was ""ruined"" when he had a horrifying run-in with a disturbingly determined spider. Twenty-one-year-old Dylan Thomas's horror story trip began while he was sleeping one night at his hotel: that's when a tropical spider climbed into his bed, burrowed through his appendix scar, crawled under his skin and tunneled into his sternum. An initial visit to a doctor on Sunday saw him diagnosed as having been bitten by an insect and sent away with antihistamines. Mr Thomas spent another day with the insect tunneling inside of him before going to a"
1862,"Browse Islamic State latest news and updates, watch videos and view all photos and more. Join the discussion and find more about Islamic State at abcnews.com"
1863,"This is from Today websherfif Retraction from Boston.com Earlier tonight, Boston.com published a piece suggesting Harvard Business School Professor Ben Edelman sent an email with racist overtones to Sichuan Garden. We cannot verify that Edelman, in fact, sent the email. We have taken the story down. The Web Sheriff so hot right now. The Web Sheriff. We don't even know what's true anymore. Is he sending racist emails or is Boston.com just making stuff up? I hope it's real. To quote Kevin Malone I need to believe in something."
1864,"What happened to an Australian man this past week is usually the stuff of nightmares for arachnophobes. Dylan Thomas, of Bunburry, Australia, woke up to a strange mark on his stomach while he vacationed in Bali. According to an interview with his local paper, the Bunbury Mail, Thomas said the mark continued to grow up his abdomen, and he started to feel a ""burning sensation like a searing feeling."" On Monday, Oct. 13, a dermatologist at Bali International Medical Centre determined the source of the mark. A tropical spider had buried itself under his skin through an old appendix scar. According to the Bunbury Mail"
1865,"Jihadists have stolen several commercial jetliners in Libya, raising concerns with intelligence officials about 9/11-style terror strikes as the 13th anniversary approaches, some reports say."
1866,"The man behind the Ottawa shootings is a Canadian convert to Islam whose passport had been seized by authorities, federal sources say. While police have not confirmed the man's identity, sources have told Canada's Globe And Mail, Reuters and Associated Press that the main suspect was Michael Zehaf-Bibeau."
1867,"(Reuters) - First there was bendgate... now brace yourself for hairgate. Fresh from the online uproar over whether the shiny new iPhone 6 bends when carried around in pockets, Apple has been hit by a new complaint - that the handset traps users' hair or beards when they make calls."
1869,"Legendary country music star Willie Nelson was found dead today in his Maui home. He was 81 years old. Rumors of Nelson's death first circulated early February 24, 2015 on social media outlets but was later confirmed by police. A groundskeeper scheduled to perform yard maintenance on Nelson's property reportedly found the singer/songwriter unresponsive on the front lawn and immediately called 911. ""There was no evidence of drug abuse or alcohol and no signs of foul play,"" said Det. Aldeson. ""Determining an official cause of death could take as long as 3 weeks,"" said County Coroner Frank Shultz. ""It's just too early"
1871,"A video which supposedly proves that TBS speeds up its Seinfeld reruns by 7.5 percent in order to squeeze in two extra minutes of commercials has been online for a few months, but over the weekend it recirculated through Reddit, gathering a lot more attention."
1873,"'It's a nonsense', says official North Korea has moved to deny reports its leader Kim Jong-un is planning to open a restaurant in Scotland. The dictator presides over a chain of restaurants known as “Pyongyang”, with international branches already including Amsterdam, and a number of North Korea experts had speculated that Scotland would be a natural target for expansion. Kim was reported to have taken a keen interest in Scottish affairs during the referendum debate in September, when officials claimed he felt a vote for independence “would be a very positive thing”. It has also been noted that Scotch whisky is a favourite tipple among the North Korean"
1875,"When FXX took over the syndication rights of The Simpsons last year, one of the stipulations were older episodes with longer run-times were going to be edited to the modern standard of 22 minutes in order to fit in the now normal 8 minutes of advertising found within half-hour programming. Not every network is so keen on trimming whole scenes to make run-times work for older shows, but that doesn’t mean they’re immune to tricks of their own. That’s reportedly what’s happening over at TBS. Thanks to one crafty viewer, it seems to have been discovered that TBS has been running syndicated episodes of Seinfeld"
1876,"THIS is definitely NOT how to propose to your girlfriend. A hopeless romantic determined to see his proposal go off with a bang ended up burning down his entire college sports hall with a box of fireworks - bought to mark the special occasion. Dim Xiong Chien, 22, took three large boxes of fireworks on to campus, which he planned to set off as he got down one knee to pop the question to girlfriend Cong Yen, also 22. But, when Ms Yen forgot to turn up, the young man ignited the fireworks anyway in the hope that she would see them and go and see what was happening. However, the planned stunt went horribly"
1877,"Iraqi interior ministry says Saja Abdul Hamid al-Dulaimi is sister of Omar Abdul Hamid al-Dulaimi, convicted of bombings in southern Iraq"
1880,"Fear not arachnophobes, the story of Bunbury's ""spiderman"" might not be all it seemed. Perth scientists have cast doubt over claims that a spider burrowed into a man's body during his first trip to Bali."
1881,"A statement attributed to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) claimed an American female hostage was killed in a Jordanian airstrike on Friday on the outskirts of the northern Syrian city of Raqqa, the extremist group's main stronghold."
1883,A trip to Bali has turned Dylan Thomas into a real-life Spiderman. The 21-year-old was holidaying with friends last weekend when he woke up to find a strange red trail stretching up his stomach
1884,"An article has started circulating on Twitter today claiming that Banksy has been arrested. The story on ""news"" website National Report says that Banksy was arrested in Watford after been tracked by a ""24-hour Anti-Graffiti Task Force"". Stories crop up all the time claiming to reveal the true identity of the guerrilla graffiti artist, but this one is particularly ridiculous. The National Report have also produced this video which claims to prove his arrest. Video loading Here's why it's definitely a hoax... 1. Banksy isn't from Liverpool He's from Bristol according to his Wikipedia. 2. There's no London Police"
1885,"Militant group Boko Haram is reportedly holding a German hostage who was kidnapped in July. The group's leader has also claimed that a report of a ceasefire with the Nigerian government was a ""lie."" Nigeria Boko Haram Abubakar Shekau Archiv Nigerian militant group Boko Haram claims to be holding a German hostage who was kidnapped from the state of Adamawa in northeastern Nigeria earlier this summer. Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau made the announcement in a video obtained by news agency Agence France Presse. Shekau reportedly claims in the video that his group is ""holding your German hostage."" The kidnapping occurred on July 16 in the town of G"
1888,"Keen golfers can have their very own putting paradise if they snap up this luxury island previously owned by Tiger Woods. The island in Lake Mlaren, Sweden, was one of the homes shared by the 14-time major winner and his ex-wife, Elin Nordegren, before their six-year marriage fell apart in 2010. The 62-acre island features a secluded villa, a hunting lodge, its very own landing strip for propeller planes as well as, of course, six tee-off areas for a custom-made golf hole. Very private: The 62-acre island previously home to Tiger Woods and his ex-"
1889,"Islamic State of Iraq and Syria leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi probably isn't dead, but no one who's in a position to know for sure is saying anything. Read more at WashingtonExaminer.com"
1890,Federal officials have called a sitting U.S. Representative a liar after he went on national television claiming ISIS militants were crossing into the country through the Mexican border.
1891,THERE are unconfirmed reports that jihadists fighting for the Islamic State have contracted Ebola. Local media outlets reported that cases of Ebola have showed up at a hospital in the IS-c...
1893,A 31-year-old Canadian-Israeli woman who traveled to Iraq to join the Kurdish fight against the Islamic State group reportedly has been abducted by the group.
1895,"ISIS fighters have fired a crude chemical weapon at the Kurdish forces defending the Syria-Turkey border town of Kobane, it has been reported. BBC reporter Gney Yldz says a Kurdish official from the war-torn town told him of a suspected IS chemical attack last night, which has caused people to lose their eyesight, blistering on the skin and respiratory problems. Testing on victims has not taken place because of the intensity of the fighting there, but a Kurdish doctor in the town, who was also injured by the strike, says he is '75 per cent' sure it is a chemical weapon. There was also"
1896,"Boko Haram has reportedly agreed to a cease-fire with the Nigerian military as well as the release of hundreds of schoolgirls who were abducted by the terrorist group earlier this year, officials said Friday."
1897,"A police search is underway for a man who slaps people who sneeze Police in northwest England are hunting for a middle-aged man who has allegedly been slapping residents of the borough Carlisle when they sneeze. One of the reported incidents involved the man smacking an 82-year-old woman in broad daylight. God bless you? (Mirror) A teenager woke up from a coma with a cheese addiction and (much to his mother’s delight) couldn’t stop swearing A 15-year-old boy by the name of Kai Thomas was in a coma for nine days, recovering from a brain bleed. When he woke up at Sheffield"
1898,"Amidst all the fist-pumping and Bono-goofing yesterday, one piece of information was conspicuously absent: The Apple Watch's battery life."
1899,"An Israeli-Canadian woman who traveled to Iraq to fight alongside the Kurds there earlier this month has been abducted by Islamic State fighters, Hebrew media reported Sunday, citing Syrian jihadist-linked media."
1900,He's being called a hero for shooting a rampaging gunman dead on Parliament Hill -- and it may mark the first time Sergeant-At-Arms Kevin Vickers has ever fired a gun in the line of duty.
1901,"After being pressured into an eggnog-chugging contest at an office party, a Utah man nearly died from an infection that started in his lungs. A YouTube video shows triumphant Ryan Roche down a carton of eggnog in a record 12 seconds, shattering the previous record of 22 seconds."
1904,"BAGHDAD - morning Tariq al-Ali Mowaffak revealed health information from inside Mosul, said in a statement singled out the ""morning"" for the spread of many diseases and epidemics among the inhabitants of the city, certain recording two goals disease Ebola dangerous, as well as 26 cases with HIV, ""AIDS ""indicating that these diseases moved to Nineveh by terrorists and arrivals from several countries, especially Africa. This comes at a time when managed through the security forces and the heroes of the popular crowd cleared the container area south of the city of Tikrit, as well as control of the four villages belonging to"
1905,"Pope Francis has given hope to gays, unmarried couples and advocates of the Big Bang theory. Now, he has endeared himself to dog lovers, animal-rights activists and vegans."
1906,"A photo posted to Twitter on Monday by the Ansar al-Deen Front, an Islamic extremist brigade seemingly comprised largely of Chechen fighters, shows the Ford F-250 with a militant standing in the bed firing the anti-aircraft gun"
1908,The Apple Watch will not be produced until January 2015 at the earliest.
1909,A man dubbed ‘the guru in bling’ allegedly convinced up to 400 men to cut off their own testicles so it would bring them closer to God. Ouch.
1911,"In the days leading up to Apple's big event next week, which is rumored to be focused on the Apple Watch, a new detail about the company's first wearable has been leaked."
1912,"Security forces investigating the role of municipal police in clashes in this southern city a week ago found a mass grave on the edge of town, raising fears the pits might hold 43 students missing since the violence that also resulted in six shooting deaths. Guerrero Gov. Angel Aguirre said the victims had been “savagely slaughtered.” Jesus Lopez, the father of one of the missing students, told The Associated Press that a delegation of family and school representatives would come to Iguala on Sunday to get information about developments in the case from authorities. “We cannot say anything. We are very nervous, but until they inform us, there is nothing"
1913,"A blast near the Nicaraguan capital city of Managua on Saturday night was most likely caused by a meteorite plummeting to Earth, creating a 40-foot-wide crater."
1916,"On the same day Michael Brown Jr. was laid to rest, CNN Monday broadcast an audio recording in which the gunshots that felled the 18-year-old Aug. 9 can purportedly be heard in the background."
1917,"Apple originally planned for the Apple Watch to have a whole range of exciting health-tracking features, but the company had to cut many of them before its anticipated release this April, The Wall Street Journal reports."
1918,"MEXICO CITY — Rumors about the death of Fidel Castro — an age-old ritual for Cuba-watchers — once again began circulating on and off the island this week. It&rsquo;s true that Castro hasn&rsquo;t been seen in public in about a year, and it&rsquo;s been a few months since one of his last columns were published. Castro, 88, has not said one public word about the historic announcement by President Obama last month about his goal of moving toward normal relations with Cuba after a half-century Cold War stand-off. Twitter went wild Thursday night with speculation about his"
1920,"Amid legalization drive in states across the country New York City officials are considering issuing tickets for possession of small amounts of marijuana instead of arresting people, officials said. The new guidelines would allow people with low-level marijuana possession to be issued a court summons rather than requiring them to get handcuffed, arrested, and brought into the precinct for finger-printing, the New York Times reports. Police arrested some 50,000 people a year on minor marijuana charges during the administration of former Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Numerous states and localities have decriminalized marijuana for medical or recreational use in recent years. [NYT]"
1921,An alarm box near the front entrance of the White House designed to alert guards to an intruder had been muted at what officers believed was a request of the usher’s office.
1922,"In a video uploaded to YouTube, prankster Josh Paler Lin gives $100 to a homeless man and secretly follows the him to find out how it's spent."
1923,"Fear not arachnophobes, the story of Bunbury's ""spiderman"" might not be all it seemed. Perth scientists have cast doubt over claims that a spider burrowed into a man's body during his first trip to Bali. The story went global on Thursday, generating hundreds of stories online. Earlier this month, Dylan Thomas headed to the holiday island and sought medical help after experiencing ""a really burning sensation like a searing feeling"" in his abdomen. Dylan Thomas says he had a spider crawl underneath his skin. Thomas said a specialist dermatologist was called in and later used tweezers to remove what was believed to be a"
1925,"YouTuber Josh Paler Lin – better-known for his hilarious pranks – was feeling the holiday spirit and decided to give a homeless man in California $100 to see what he would do with it. He followed the man, Thomas, with a camera to see how he spent the money. His first stop was a liquor store, but not for the reasons some might think: He bought bread and then headed over to a park, where Lin filmed him distributing the food to other homeless people. When Lin approached him at the park, Thomas explained his story. He quit his job to take care of his sick parents, only to lose his home"
1926,"After hundreds of mentions on social media the past two days, NBC News anchor Brian Williams slammed those who speculated they caught meteorologist Mike Seidel relieving himself live on air and said they owe him an apology."
1929,"A report claiming that popular 'dog whisperer' Cesar Millan had died of heart attack on Tuesday morning, is nothing, but a lie. A hoax report claimed that 'dog whisperer' Cesar Millan had died of heart attack. Twitter The death hoax report was started by a website that claimed to be the popular Spanish news agency - ProcesoMX. The report on the fake website was soon picked by many on social media as thousands of his fans shared it on Facebook and Twitter. The Cesar Millan death hoax now has gone viral. The fake death report stated: The 45 year old Mexican/American, born in De"
1931,"There are conflicting claims about ISIS being at the border, but there are reasons not to trust reporting that the claim is false."
1933,"The internet has been salivating at the prospect of getting stoned and eating fried chicken this week, after reports circulated that KFC is to become a marijuana dispensary as well as a restaurant. A story on Racket Report claimed that with tax revenue from sales of the drug being so high in Colorado, KFC wanted a piece of the action, with the added benefit that its chicken would see a boost in sales thanks to the munchies. It looks to be false for several reasons however: - Racket Report has carried a lot of hoax stories in the past - KFC hasn't mentioned marijuana on its official news page - Marijuana sales are currently cash only which"
1934,"New audio has surfaced that allegedly captures the moment when Michael Brown, an unarmed black teenager, was shot dead by Darren Wilson, a white police officer, on Aug. 9. CNN aired the unverified recording on Monday night. Six shots can be heard, followed by a pause, then several more. A private autopsy performed on Aug. 17 at the request of Brown's family found that the 18-year-old was shot 6 times, including twice in the head. A man who lives near the scene of the shooting says he inadvertently recorded the shots that killed Brown, his lawyer, Lopa Blumenthal, told CNN. The man,"
1936,"Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was attacked in prison and left blinded and paralyzed, a satirical website claimed in a story that quickly went viral this weekend. On Saturday, the site Empire News posted a story claiming that the Boston Marathon bombing suspect was found lying in a pool of blood in his cell in Ft. Devens Detention Center in Massachusetts. The story made the rounds on the internet, with thousands of shares on Facebook and other social media and many welcoming the news. But there is one problem — the incident never happened, and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is still safe in his cell awaiting trial. Though the story fooled many,"
1938,"An 85-year-old woman in Waco, Texas has been been arrested for allegedly kidnapping neighbor’s cats and making them into fur coats. Local residents couldn’t figure out where their cats were disappearing, so one or more residents decided to hire a private investigator. Some even thought they saw their own cats as a part of her fur coats. Eventually, the investigator successfully videotaped the woman stealing a neighbor’s cat. According to World News Daily Report, the woman admitted in court that she tried to raise her own cats, but became too attached to them. Prior to being caught on tape, the woman denied all allegations."
1939,"British man suspected of appearing in videos of hostages being beheaded The British Isis militant suspected of appearing in videos showing the beheading of US and UK hostages has been named in reports as Mohammed Emwazi from London. The Washington Post published a lengthy article naming the masked man known as Jihadi John, who spoke in the videos with a British accent. Emwazi, believed to be aged 27, was known to MI5 as a ""person of interest"" in 2011, according to the BBC. It reports that his name was not revealed at an earlier stage for ""operational reasons"". One of Emwazi's friends was quoted by The Post"
1940,"A hoax report filed by website nationalreport.net claimed the infamous artist had been arrested in London during a raid on his art studio. The website – which describes itself as 'America's No.1 independent news source' – said a man named Paul Horner from Liverpool had been nicked. They even had the cheek to say both the BBC and a representative for Bansky had confirmed the news. To complete the tale they quoted ""London police chief"" Lyndon Edwards who apparently held a press conference to announce the arrest. A press conference apparently attended by no reporters or TV crews. A press conference apparently attended by no reporters or TV"
1943,"A man rushed to a Kansas City-area hospital Saturday is not being treated for Ebola, hospital officials say. HCA Midwest assistant vice president Chris Hamele said that the patient does not have the symptom profile of virus and is being treated appropriately for his condition."
1946,"Two Republican lawmakers told BuzzFeed News Wednesday suspected terrorists have infiltrated the U.S.–Mexico border and as many as 10 fighters have been captured, but Homeland Security officials deny any such thing has happened. Rep. Jason Chaffetz, a Republican from Utah, said four alleged terror suspects were captured on Sept. 10 in Texas. In an interview Wednesday, Chaffetz said the men flew from a Middle Eastern country to Mexico City, where they paid a smuggler to take them to and across the border. From there, the men ended up in a safe house for immigrants. They were en route to New York City, Cha"
1948,"Militants from Islamic State (Isis) claimed to have killed an American journalist long held captive in Syria in retaliation for ongoing US airstrikes against its forces in Iraq. A propaganda video circulated on Tuesday showed a masked Isis fighter beheading a kneeling man dressed in an orange jumpsuit who is purported to be James Wright Foley, a photojournalist who went missing in Syria in 2012. The masked executioner spoke in English, with what sounded like a British accent, and said that the slaying came in response to the airstrikes ordered by President Barack Obama against Isis 12 days ago. Isis, whose chief spokesman came under State Department sanctions on Monday, warned of"
1949,"The U.S. air drop has become substantially more accurate in the past few decades, but is still evidently prone to screw-ups. And those screw-ups have popped up several times so far in the battle against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, underscoring the dangers of trusting the winds to carry valuable resources to their targets."
1950,Mark Olberholtzer and his family near Houston have received hundreds of phone calls with questions and threats after a Chechen-led group tweeted a photo of the black Ford F-250 in action near Aleppo
1951,"An executive engineer at the Central Public Works Department was fired on Thursday after being absent from duty for more than 24 years. AK Verma was fired after last appearing for work in December 1990. ""He went on seeking extension of leave, which was not sanctioned, and defied directions to report to work,"" the government said in a statement on Thursday. Even after an inquiry found him guilty of ""wilful absence from duty"" in 1992, it took another 22 years and the intervention of a cabinet minister to remove him, the government said. States, led by Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh, have recently changed the law to make it easier to hire and fire"
1952,"Being that it is the first day of spring and many people are highly affected with allergies, it’s probably a good idea that this man is no where near! The Mirror is reporting that police are on a manhunt for who they believe to be a mid to late 50’s man that slaps people in the head right after they sneeze! What kind of craziness is this?! The first incident happened in Carlisle, Cumbria a city in England, on Monday. The woman sneezed, and right after she got hit in the head by a strange man! Then Tuesday police believe that the same man attacked an 82-year-old"
1954,"First famine and war, and now this? Is nothing fair in this world? It is with a heavy heart that I must report that Durex has squashed all rumors that a Pumpkin spice condom has ever existed or will ever exist in the future. And with that news, fall has gotten just a little bit colder and the holiday season seems a little bit duller and much more joyless. What point is Christmas if one can't celebrate with a delicately spiced blowjob or a wintry-smelling safe sex celebration that tingles? What point, I ask you? Oh, what could have been. Buzzfeed spoke to a"
1955,"A woman at Dulles Airport was recently spotted wearing what appears to be a rain poncho, medical gloves and a protective mask. The Daily Caller described the getup as a ""hazmat suit,"" which is generous. The outlet also does not know exactly why the woman was wearing the protective gear, but the guess begins with the letter ""E"" and ends with ""Bola."" Dulles is one of five U.S. airports that has implemented ""enhanced screenings"" for travelers from Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Thomas Eric Duncan, who was diagnosed with Ebola in Texas and later died, passed through the Virginia airport on his way from"
1956,"Sick ISIS militants fed a desperate mum the mutilated remains of her son - after telling her it was cooked meat and rice, it was claimed today. The son had been captured and taken prisoner by Islamic State militants in Mosul, Iraq."
1957,"Russian President Vladimir Putin last Friday unveiled a World War I monument in Moscow last Friday, ahead of the centennial of the start of the ""Great War."" Sometime on Saturday, a video popped up on YouTube purporting to show a bird staging a form of protest — defecating, to be specific, on Putin."
1958,Libyan terrorists have posted pictures of themselves online posing with some of the aeroplanes taken from Tripoli airport after fighters seized it last month. Soldiers from the group Libyan Dawn can be seen climbing on to the wings of commercial jets while smiling and waving for the camera. U.S. officials fear that these aeroplanes could now be used to carry out 9/11-style attacks in the region on the anniversary of the tragedy this month. A total of 11 commercial jets from state-owned carriers Libyan Airlines and Afriqiyah Airways went missing in August after militants from the so-called'masked men brigade' overran the airport. Authorities say
1959,"A man had his penis cut off by an angry mob for attempting to rape a teenager in Ganganagar, Rajasthan. The 40-year-old man, recognised as Suresh Kumar, soon found himself being dragged away by the hysteric mob while they decided to punish him in their own way, the Daily Star reported posting pictures of the incident and a severed penis thrown on the street."
1965,"The proliferation of online news outlets has democratized newsgathering, but it's also updated the famous adage that ""there's a sucker born every minute"" for the Internet age. And no circus attracts the suckers quite like the Arab-Israeli conflict. Not only will people believe anything about Israel; their editors will let them write it. And as we learned yesterday, pretty much every year someone will fall for the impossibly preposterous accusation known as the ""flood libel."" There are moments when biased coverage of Israel goes beyond mere opinion. Last year, the good folks at Vox, a notoriously error-ridden site, declared the existence"
1966,"BREAKING: Islamic State, in video, beheads American journalist James Wright Foley who was kidnapped in 2012 -@BNONews"
1967,"Palestinian officials say hundreds of Gazans were forced to evacuate after Israel opened the gates of several dams on the border with the Gaza Strip, and flooded at least 80 households."
1968,"The NBC News anchor clears the record on behalf of victimized Weather Channel meteorologist There was no urinating on Brian Williams‘ airwaves, and the “Nightly News” anchor asked for an apology from social media critics Monday night."
1969,"Lego may have been before its time in terms of its egalitarian attitude if this letter is to be believed. The note from the 1970s, which was apparently included in a leaflet accompanying a Lego set, encourages parents to let children build whatever they want instead of forcing them to go down gender specific lines. Since then the company has annoyed some by seemingly reversing this view by targeting its products to either boys or girls. MORE: Grandfather, aged 75, comes third in solo transatlantic yacht race After an image of the note was uplodaded by reddit user fryd_ yesterday a few people called into question its authenticity, but Robbie Gonzalez"
1970,"Michael Zehaf-Bibeau has been identified as the gunman in Ottawa who shot a soldier before firing shots in Centre Block, and people are looking for pictures of him. Zehaf-Bibeau appeared to have no online presence--a term that basically refers to having accounts on social media or being reported on before--prior to being named as the shooter. The only picture so far that allegedly shows the 32-year-old comes from an account linked to ISIS, or the Islamic State. The photo has not been verified. It shows a man holding a gun, in casual clothing with a scarf covering the lower part"
1971,"HUNTINGTON BEACH (CBSLA.com) — The viral video of a homeless man buying food for friends with $100 he had been given warmed the hearts of many of the more than 25 million people who clicked on it. Donations came pouring in for the homeless man named Thomas. More than $130,000 donated from around the globe in about a week. Josh Paler Lin, the YouTube personality who uploaded the nearly five-minute video, is telling everyone within earshot that the heartwarming viral video is real. The homeless man’s brother, however, said that his brother is being scammed. Meanwhile, an eyewitness to the filming also believes"
1972,"Kim Jong-un, the North Korean dictator, has become so fat while in office that his ankles have fractured under his own weight, it was reported on Tuesday. The 31-year-old, who has looked increasingly portly since taking power, had to undergo a hospital operation after putting too much strain on his ankles during a gruelling round of official engagements. The treatment has also been linked to his unexpected failure to attend a recent session of the Supreme People's Assembly, according to a Pyongyang source who spoke to the Chosun Ilbo newspaper in neighbouring South Korea. Unlike other members of North Korea's political elite, for whom"
1973,"(ANTIMEDIA) The KFC Corporation just acquired a Colorado licence to legally sell cannabis within the state. According to some reports, nearly half of the KFC franchises in the state Colorado began selling cannabis last month. “In order to be successful, a deep understanding of the market is critical to success. It’s all about evolution and we are ready to serve the needs of the people of Colorado,” KFC spokesperson William Rausch said in a statement. Customers who want to buy cannabis with their genetically modified fried chicken will still need to prove that they are at least 21 years of age, with a valid government issued ID. Interestingly enough, this"
1974,"The World Health Organisation is investigating reports that ISIS militants have been showing up at an Iraqi hospital with Ebola. According to three media outlets an undisclosed number of militants displaying signs of the disease attended a hospital in the ISIS-held city of Mosul, 250 miles north of Baghdad."
1975,"Video clips circulated online Tuesday that purported to show that Saudi state television blurred out First Lady Michelle Obama at a meeting between President Barack Obama and the new Saudi king. However, observers of the live broadcast -- including a Wall Street Journal reporter in the country -- said that there was no blurring of Mrs. Obama, and that the broadcast showed her shaking hands with King Salman."
1976,"Sources in the Kurdish underground in Syria denied Sunday night that Canadian-Israeli Gill Rosenberg, 31, had been in the Kobane region, as claimed by Islamist and Palestinian websites that reported she was captured by ISIS during the fighting in that area."
1978,"A Led Zeppelin reunion tour, backed by an astonishing amount of money put up by British billionaire Richard Branson, will never happen — because singer Robert Plant ripped up a contract that would have paid him about $300 million to play 35 concerts with the the legendary band in just three cities."
1979,"Perth | A 600-pound woman has given birth to a 40-pound baby at Perth's King Edward Memorial Hospital, a record breaking weight that could possibly make the newborn the largest baby ever born, reports the Western Australian Herald this morning."
1981,"A man caught allegedly attempting to rape a teenage girl was set upon by a vigilante group who hacked off his genitals with a meat cleaver. These horrifying pictures show Suresh Kumar, 40, after he was beaten with sticks for an hour before being castrated in the city of Ganganagar in India."
1982,"MOGADISHU, Somalia — Al-Shabaab’s top leader was traveling in one of two vehicles hit Monday night in a US military strike, a member of the Somali Islamic extremist group said Tuesday. The spokesman would not say whether al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Abdi Godane was among the six militants killed. The two vehicles were heading toward the coastal town of Barawe, al-Shabaab’s main base, when they were hit, Abu Mohammed told the Associated Press. A witness in Somalia described ground-shaking explosions in the strike. Al-Shabaab attacked the upscale Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya, killing at least 67 people"
1983,"While Apple announced that the base model of its forthcoming smartwatch would cost $350, it's remained tight-lipped about the pricing of the rest of the range."
1984,The bodies found in a mass grave were confirmed not to be the missing students.
1985,"It's unofficially Fall, which means you'll see the word ""pumpkin"" trotted out even more often than the phrase ""Apple product launch"" this month. Brands like Starbucks do not seem to have heeded the ""enough with the pumpkin stuff!"" warning; as friend of the site Dave Armon of Critical Mention wrote in one of those rare comments worth reading: ""Like it or not, Starbucks is killing it with this story. We spotted 75 airings on U.S. TV and radio stations today, through 5:45 p.m. ET. Personally, I'll wait until I can see my breath before ordering anything"
1987,So much for idle millennials: a 17-year-old Stuyvesant High School student known around campus for spending his lunch breaks flipping stocks has reportedly amassed a $72 million fortune.
1988,"American photojournalist Luke Somers, held by al-Qaeda militants following his abduction in Yemen's capital, Sanaa, in September last year, was killed during a failed rescue attempt early Saturday, according to his sister."
1989,ISIL beheaded British aid worker David Haines as shown on released video.
1991,"Golfers, take note — Tiger Woods’ Swedish luxury island, complete with six tee-off locations, is now up for grabs. Located in Lake Mlaren, Sweden, the island was previously home to Woods and his then-wife, Swedish native Elin Nordegren, before their marriage famously collapsed in 2010 due to Woods’ infidelity. In addition to being a golfer’s paradise, the 62-acre haven features a villa, hunting lodge, private ferry boat, horse stables and landing strip for propeller planes. Sabine Rollinger of Vladi Private Islands, who are listing the island, told Mercury Press Agency that"
1996,"It started as a somewhat cynical social experiment in Orange County: How would a homeless man spend the gift of $100? Josh Lin watched -- and filmed -- as the subject of his experiment entered a liquor store. Then he got a surprise. The man holding up the sign asking for money from the freeway offramp in Fullerton bought food, walked to a neighborhood park and gave it to others in need. What Lin witnessed left him stunned. The amateur filmmaker has made a name for himself on social media with pranks that capture the public’s reaction to unexpected situations. But in this case, Lin was the one caught off guard. “I"
1997,"History buffs, start your engines: CNN is reporting that a Boston crew has removed a time capsule from the cornerstone of the Massachusetts State House, believed to have been stashed there by then-Governor Samuel Adams and patriot Paul Revere. Inside the capsule are contents that will be showcased as soon as the box is removed from the cornerstone, according to Massachusetts Secretary of State William Galvin. The capsule, he explained to CNN, was documented to have been first buried in 1795, then was dug up and reburied in 1855 during repairs to the building. The full catalog of its contents are as-yet unknown. ""What we know the box"
2000,A neighbor tells 8 News NOW former baseball star Jose Canseco was hurt in an accidental shooting Tuesday afternoon at his house on the eastside of the Las Vegas valley.
2002,"BAGHDAD — Three hundred Iraqi soldiers died in a chlorine gas attack carried out by the self-proclaimed Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, said Ali al-Budairi, an Iraqi MP from the Shia-dominated National Iraqi alliance in the Iraqi Parliament on Monday. It is unclear when the attacks took place. ISIS's use of chlorine gas in attacks isn't new. There are reports that the ISIS militants used chlorine-war gas before. Speaking at a press conference in the Iraqi Parliament on Monday, Ali al-Budairi said: ""ISIS killed 300"
2003,"The New York Post is reporting this morning that the World Health Organization is looking into whether ISIS fighters in Iraq have Ebola. Yes, that's two catastrophes combined. And it's not just the Post, Mashable had a piece earlier this week about reports from the Iraqi media that ISIS militants have contracted the disease. Their report, however, does contain some response from people with knowledge of whatever's going on. Firstly, a WHO spokesperson told them they've had ""no official notification"" from the Iraq government about the cases. And secondly, a spokesperson for the Iraqi health ministry called the reports ""incorrect"" and"
2005,"Yes, rape is a serious offence and I support that anyone caught should be seriously dealt with, by the government though. Suresh Kumar castrated in India However, these Indian lynch mobs took laws into their own hands after they caught 40-year-old Suresh Kumar trying to rape a girl in a dark area in Ganganagar city of India. He was severely beaten by lynch mobs who heard the girl's scream for help as Suresh attacked her. After he was mercilessly beaten, Suresh was dragged to a nearby butcher's shop and a meat cleaver was used to chop of his manhood. Man's"
2009,"Twitter is abuzz with rumours that Cuba's former communist leader Fidel Castro has died, although the timing is suspiciously close to the death of another high-profile person who shares his name."
2010,"Islamist militias in Libya took control of nearly a dozen commercial jetliners last month, and western intelligence agencies recently issued a warning that the jets could be used in terrorist attacks across North Africa."
2013,"Barbara Johnson via WorldNewsDaily: Doctors of the Carlos III hospital confirmed this morning in a press conference, the first case of human death caused by the ingestion of genetically modified food. J..."
2014,"A text written by an anonymous person on an anonymous blog, which was set up on the same day as the text was published, has outraged thousands worldwide and resulted in news articles on a variety of the English-speaking the largest news sites."
2015,"A Texas plumber was left bewildered after a truck he sold last year resurfaced this week — in the hands of Syrian rebels. One of Mark Oberholtzer's old work trucks appeared in a photo tweeted by a Syrian rebel group, prompting an influx of threatening phone calls to the plumber. His truck, with its original decal for ""Mark 1 Plumbing"" and a phone number for the business, is reportedly being used by the militant group to transport an anti-aircraft gun. The original tweet, below, was posted to an account associated with the Jabhat Ansar al-Din militant group based in Syria. Oberholtzer traded"
2016,"Since the U.S. began airstrikes in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State, Republicans have frequently connected the terrorist group to border security in the U.S. In August, Texas Governor Rick Perry called it a “very real possibility” that fighters from the Islamic State had already crossed into the U.S. On Tuesday night, Representative Duncan Hunter, a Republican from California, took those comments even further."
2017,"Actor Christian Bale is in talks to play the leading role in the upcoming Steve Jobs biopic being produced by Sony, reports Variety. Leonardo DiCaprio was originally in talks to play Jobs, but withdrew from negotiations earlier this month."
2018,"Kim Jong-un has been guzzling litres of rare snake wine to perk up his love life with wife, it has been reported. The cases of the pricey plonk with the body of a deadly cobra inside the bottle were delivered at the supreme leader's palace in North Korea, the Daily Star reported."
2020,"After Stan Beaton's wife, Ruby, passed away in 2003, he saved the ""leave a message after the beep"" recording that they had shared. The recording was lost after Virgin Mobile conducted some technical work, but with the help of BBC Radio Leeds, the company was able to retrieve the deleted message for Stan — and captured his reaction to hearing it again. Stan, 68, is incredulous when he hears the good news. In the video, a reporter tells Stan that it took 10 people a total of three days to retrieve the message. ""That must have cost a fortune!"" Stan exclaims. ""It's just"
2022,"A newspaper report that Kim Jong-un has been hospitalized for ankle surgery has fuelled new theories about the North Korean leader’s long absence from the public eye. Kim has not been seen in public in almost a month and missed a session of parliament on Sept. 25 for the first time since coming to power almost three years ago. Since an event with key officials in July, he has been seen walking with a limp. In an unusual acknowledgment last Friday, North Korean state television said he was experiencing “discomfort.” Details from the Hermit Kingdom on Kim’s state of health are scarce and hard to verify, but the new details"
2024,The artist posted a poignant image in the wake of the shooting that killed 12 at the offices of the French satirical magazine in Paris yesterday Thousands of Banksy fans have shared this strong pictorial response to the terror attack at the offices of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
2025,"World Health Organization officials have yet to confirm reports that ISIS militants in Iraq have contracted the deadly Ebola virus, although Iraqi media reported yesterday that some of the group’s militants have contracted the deadly Ebola virus, although World Health Organization officials have yet to confirm the reports. An International Business Times article from today confirms that three Iraqi news outlets reported that Ebola showed up at a hospital in Mosul, a city 250 miles north of Baghdad which has been under ISIS control since June 2014. Christy Feig, WHO’s director of communications, casted doubt on the report though, telling reporters, “We have no official notification from [the Iraqi government"
2028,"Twitter is abuzz with rumours that Cuba’s former communist leader Fidel Castro has died, although the timing is suspiciously close to the death of another high-profile person who shares his name."
2031,"Rats still roam at Vogue! We’re told by several insiders that staffers at the fashion bible are still seeing rodents at Condé Nast’s new 1 WTC digs, which are still under construction."
2032,"Kim Jong Un, North Korea's young dictator, sits at the top of a nation that for decades has enshrined the ruling Kim dynasty as demigods. The personality cult that surrounds the hermit kingdom's leadership is one of the strange realities of this pariah state, spawning eerie totalitarian spectacles and the most vigorous displays of clapping the world has ever seen. It also leads to whole ranks of the population having to surrender their names. According to a new report on a South Korean TV station, North Korean authorities issued a directive in 2011 — when Kim Jong Un came to power after the death of his father, Kim Jong Il —"
2033,"Adding to Apple's iOS 8 launch troubles, a report on Monday claims the operating system's ""Reset All Settings"" feature for hardware wiping user preferences also deletes data stored in iCloud Drive."
2034,"When a report went viral that NBC meteorologist Mike Seidel got caught on camera peeing in the woods during a live weekend appearance with Lester Holt, NBC News decided Brian Williams needed to discuss it on NBC Nightly News tonight. Yes, it’s come to this."
2035,"Big Bank Hank... the Sugarhill Gang rapper best know as ""the grandmaster with 3 MCs that shock the house for the young ladies""... died early Tuesday..."
2036,"YouTube user JoeyTrombone had an extra special gift for his parents this Christmas, and when they open the envelope to see that their mortgage has been paid their reaction is as heartwarming as you would imagine. I mean, these people were cuddling on the couch even before they got the news. I have no specifics on how he pulled it off, but of course the first YouTube comment is everything you need to know about YouTube commenters. Never change you awful trolls. I prefer this Redditor's reaction. reddit-mtg-reaction VIA REDDIT"
2037,"The Canadian woman who was reportedly kidnapped by ISIS has said she is fine, and that rumors of her capture spread on jihadist websites are untrue. Gill Rosenberg, 31, joined the ranks of the Kurdish peshmerga fighting force this year, which has elite all-female units. ISIS sources reported Sunday that Rosenberg was captured in the contested town of Kobane, on the Turkish border, and were gleefully debating whether to execute her or try to negotiate a prisoner swap. But now Rosenberg, who leaves sporadic updates about her campaign against extremism on Facebook, has posted to clarify that she is in fact alive and well. Scroll down for video Military"
2039,"While laptop sales continue to drop, Apple's MacBook Air has managed to remain popular and perform well. This year, Apple is set to launch a 12-inch MacBook Air, which could just be Apple's biggest product in 2015."
2042,"There's a story currently making the rounds about an Australian man who, upon returning from a trip to Bali, discovered that a spider burrowed under his skin and traveled up to his chest. Freaky? Yes, but it's also not plausible. Rest easy, arachnophobes. You do not have to worry about Charlotte weaving her web beneath your flesh. The supposed story goes like this: Dylan Thomas (a 21-year-old man, not the dead poet) was on vacation in Bali and woke up one morning to discover a red ""trail"" of irritation running from his navel to his chest, a"
2043,"A woman dumped by her boyfriend spent an entire week sitting in a KFC eating chicken wings. Depressed Tan Shen, 26, from Chengdu, in China’s southwest Sichuan Province, decided she needed some finger licking good comfort food to get over her ex and turned to what she enjoyed most - Kentucky Fried Chicken. She said: ""I was walking around feeling miserable and decided to stop off at the KFC at the train station. ""I hadn’t planned on staying there long, I just wanted some chicken wings. But once I got in there and started eating I decided I needed time to think. ""I didn’t want to"
2044,"A married TV actor who met a young woman and kissed her in a sauna woke up to find his testicles had been stolen. Dmitry Nikolaev, 30, is believed to be the target of a gang – including a doctor – which may be harvesting organs to sell on the black market."
2045,"Amazon has warehouses — hundreds of them, miles of them. It has lockers and pop-up shipping containers. But it's never had a true, physical retail store, at least not until now. The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Amazon plans to open its first physical store, and that it will be located in midtown Manhattan, right in the heart of New York City. It'll be located on 34th Street, right between the flagship Macy's store and the Empire State Building. In a way, the store will reportedly be just an extension of what Amazon already does in its physical spaces. Amazon will accept returns"
2046,"A video of a US marine surviving being shot in the head by a sniper in Afghanistan in 2013 is being shared across the internet. The description on the YouTube clip claims the incident took place during a raid in the Now Zad district of Helmand Province. The video shows the marine being struck on the helmet by an unseen sniper during the raid. Afterwards the US serviceman tells his colleagues he is fine, other than a ringing in his ears. The video was uploaded on 26 September by Sam Arnold, who has been described as an Afghanistan veteran. BuzzFeed News has contact Arnold for a comment on his incredible video"
2047,"According to multiple reports, ISIS claims to have executed American freelance journalist James Foley. Politico's Blake Hounshell was one the first to report the news on Twitter, saying the militant Islamic group is threatening to kill another reporter in retaliation for U.S. strikes on their forces in Iraq: Foley had been missing since November 22, 2012 when he disappeared in Syria."
2048,"North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un's younger sister Kim Yo-Jong has taken over the running of the country and is making all the important decisions in her brother's absence, according to a think tank in Seoul formed by North Korean defectors."
2051,"SHOCK!

HORROR!

Here’s the VITAL NEWS REPORT…

…which bears a startling resemblance to a hoax that went around last year.

And uses a photo of someone being arrested in the run-up to the Notting Hill Carnival.

Here’s who Paul Horner is, by the way.

And that’s the story of Banksy’s arrest, in full."
2052,"It’s been a tough month for factchecking. After the Rolling Stone campus rape story unraveled, readers of all publications can be forgiven for questioning the process by which Americans get our news. And now it turns out that another blockbuster story is —to quote its subject in an exclusive Observer interview—”not true.” Monday’s edition of New York magazine includes an irresistible story about a Stuyvesant High senior named Mohammed Islam who had made a fortune investing in the stock market. Reporter Jessica Pressler wrote regarding the precise number, “Though he is shy about the $72 million number, he confirmed his net worth is in the"
2053,"North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, who recently disappeared from public view for about six weeks, had a cyst removed from his right ankle, a lawmaker told CNN. South Korea's National Intelligence Service told lawmakers during a closed-door meeting that a cyst was found on Kim's right ankle earlier this year, between May and June. That cyst may have caused muscle or nerve damage and prompted him to have ankle surgery between September and October, lawmaker Lee Cheol-woo said. At the briefing, lawmakers were told that ""European experts"" handled the surgery for tarsal tunnel syndrome. The syndrome is caused by compression at the ankle"
2054,"MacRumors reports on a particularly nasty iOS 8 bug, which could potentially erase the iWork documents stored in your iCloud drive. The post iOS 8 bug could erase iWork files appeared first on Digital Trends."
2055,"Everyone knows it's officially pumpkin spice season. And if you don't know, then just go on Twitter or Instagram for a hot minute and you'll see someone on your feed talking about a Pumpkin Spice Latte or how it's officially fall and the leaves are beautiful and all that crap. We get it. Other parts of the country have wonderful, crisp fall weather and here in Los Angeles we have the same old 75 degrees and sunny. It's awful. Just kidding, it's amazing. But we will begrudgingly admit that though we have perfectly warm weather all year around, the one season"
2056,"Apple is shifting its retail strategy for the Apple Watch to deliver a more personalized shopping experience, according to The Wall Street Journal. The report claims that Apple Stores will accept in-store reservations for customers to try on the Apple Watch and corroborates that Apple is training its retail employees to help customers choose an Apple Watch model that suits them best. The report, citing sources familiar with the matter, adds that the high-end Apple Watch Edition will have scratch-resistant gold, which an in-depth analysis over the weekend revealed is because Apple mixes the metal with low-density ceramic particles. Apple is also said to have studied a platinum"
2058,"INNOVATIVE might not be the first word that comes to mind when describing US telephone and cable company Comcast. But are we giving the company credit where credit is due? Let’s face it, after a harrowing 18-minute customer service call went viral in July, it looked like Comcast had nothing more to strive for — it had reached peak horrible. Yet, if reports this week are accurate, Comcast has continued to shine as an innovator in the competitive field of corporate terribleness: It got a customer’s employer to fire him for complaining about shoddy customer service. The full story in all its sadistic glory is at Consumerist, but"
2060,"The two biggest news stories of 2014 collided Wednesday when Iraqi media outlets reported that members of the Islamic State group -- also known as ISIS -- had contracted the deadly virus Ebola. But later updates from the World Health Organization and Iraq's Ministry of Health indicate the stories may be just rumors. ""We have no official notification... that it is Ebola,"" Christy Feig, director of communications for WHO, told Mashable, though WHO has contacted Iraqi officials to offer help. Iraq's Ministry of Health also denied that anyone in Mosul had contracted the Ebola virus, which broke out in March in West Africa. Spokesman Ahmed Rudaini told news"
2061,"This is such a heartwarming story! When YouTuber Josh Paler Lin gave $100 dollars to a homeless man, he hoped he could videotape the man wasting the money away on alcohol. But all Josh got was a shock, because Thomas, the homeless man, went into a liquor store, but came out with enough food to support everyone around him! [ Related: 12 Heartwarming Viral Stories! ] With the hundred dollars, Thomas chose to help as many other homeless people he could find in an Anaheim park while also moving Josh in the process. Josh immediately felt guilty for assuming worst of Thomas, and on top of giving him an extra"
2062,"Holy crap, Batman -- look what happened to a a once-distinguished news organization. The CBS Detroit broadcast group's website posts a 10-paragraph article, if that's the right word, about something that may or may not have happened: A website is reporting that the Batmobile, from the upcoming Batman v. Superman flick, has gone missing in Detroit and is presumed stolen. Sounds serious and dramatic. And yet no other local media outlet has a word about it. Further reading suggests why. ""Presumed stolen"" refers to a presumption by the anonymous writer of a four-paragraph post at Bleeding Cool, an"
2064,"While Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter tells Confidenti@l that rats stubbornly continue to occupy the new Conde Nast offices at One World Trade Center, we're also told that Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour doesn't even want to go in the building anymore."
2067,"Hours after US intelligence authenticated a gruesome Isis videotape showing the execution of journalist James Foley, Obama said that Isis ‘has no place in the 21st century’"
2068,"Islamic State leaders in Syria and Iraq are training their fighters to fly captured fighter jets in the hope of establishing an air force, it has been claimed. The terror group are understood to have been carrying out test flights the captured al-Jarrah military airport east of Aleppo, according to a British-based organisation monitoring the Syrian Civil War. Having captured three fighter jets from the Syrian military, ISIS are using Iraqi pilots who were once officers in Saddam Hussein's air force to train Syria-based militants to operate the warplanes. The news comes as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula sought to mend its strained relations with ISIS, urging"
2069,"Right, let’s put this one to bed quickly. The Vladimir Putin penis motorcade has done the rounds many times before. Posted without comment. Why today? Because Reddit. Why Reddit today? Who knows. When will it strike again? No one can say. The tides of the internet are mysterious to all but the most experienced of sailors. It’s not real, it’s a Photoshop job on a still from this video of his 2012 inauguration about 22 minutes in. This, on the other hand, is an actual picture of Vladimir Putin and a horse. And this is also an actual picture of Vladimir Putin with"
2070,"A touching tribute to the victims of the Charlie Hebdo shooting posted on an unofficial Banksy Instagram account has been shared more than 100,000 times. Many who shared the poignant drawing online believed it was created by the enigmatic street artist. However a spokesman for Banksy told the Independent: ""We can confirm this is not by Banksy."" The drawing is actually by French illustrator Lucille Clerc, who posted the tribute on her official Twitter page after the shooting, which left 12 dead. Several fake Banksy social media accounts have attracted thousands of followers, however the artist has confirmed on his official website that he is not on Facebook or Twitter..embed-"
2072,"Anna Wintour reportedly has a major rat infestation at her Vogue office in New York City. According to Radar Online, some of the dirtiest rats have decided to move into Anna’s new office for herself and Vogue staffers at the Freedom Tower. Insiders claim that rodents invaded the beloved accessories closet, leaving an abundance of rat droppings all over their pricey couture, computers, and desks. Further reports claim that the decision to put Kanye West and Kim Kardashian on the cover of Vogue magazine may have something to do with the infestation. “The office is over-run and the Vogue staff is secretly whispering that the rats could be cosmic"
2075,"It's what national security organizations have feared since day one-the World Health Organization (WHO) announced last week that they are evaluating jihadist militants associated with ISIS, who may have contracted the virus responsible for Ebola. While the WHO has yet to confirm whether or not the fighters are exhibiting symptoms, the current evaluations of a Mosul hospital 250 miles north of Baghdad are prompting concerns that the fringe extremist group ISIS may in fact be able to obtain a biological weapon unlike anything the world has seen before. Like Us on Facebook Though Mosul has been under ISIS control since late last June, the Iraqi health ministry has issued a press release denying reports from"
2076,"As a chuckling baby, Jess Smith was one of the most familiar faces on British television in the 1990s. As the BBC prepares to make 60 new episodes of the hugely popular Teletubbies, the laughing tot in the sun – who featured in all 365 programmes – is now 19 and a university student. At the age of nine months, Jess Smith was selected to be the giggling Baby Sun who looks over Teletubbyland. The news will come as no surprise to people who have known Jess for a long time, but she said it is not something she really talked about as she was quite a shy child and “"
2077,"From Distributor circles in the Apple environment is heard that the Californian technology giant apparently not planning to send Apple Watch also to the resellers. At least in the initial phase will be the SmartWatch reserved exclusively for retail stores to monopolize the market and to create additional admissions in the Apple Stores. While we can about the validity of the source not say much, conceivable step would be already. After all, Apple brings the intelligent clock a device on the market for which is already made quite a stir in advance. Safes in the Apple Stores to secure the gold edition even better, it said in previous reports. Even the shopping experience of the models"
2078,Google has bought about half of Pacific Shores office park.
2079,"News Shopper has received unconfirmed reports that a hand grenade has been found in a safe at a property in Shortlands. Alex McFee, who works at Curran and Pinner estate agents on Beckenham Lane, has sent in this picture of the road which has been taped off by police. The 20-year-old said: “We have been told a hand grenade has been found in a safe directly above the old sweet shop. Everything here has just come to a stand still."" More to come."
2080,"A member of the Sugarhill Gang, whose pioneering hit ""Rapper's Delight"" brought hip hop to mainstream audiences 35 years ago, died Tuesday of complications from cancer."
2081,A video that appears to a show a bird pooping on Russian President Vladimir Putin's suit during a speech last week is fake. The video--uploaded to YouTube--is going viral. A few media outlets appear to have been tricked by it.
2084,"The Force may be with us a little sooner than expected as the latest Star Wars: The Force Awakens buzz seems to indicate that the much-awaited sci-fi's release date may be advanced, presumably amid mounting clamor by impatient fans."
2087,"Gorging on comfort food is pretty much a given when dealing with a breakup, but one woman decided to take her heartbreak public by camping out at a local KFC for seven days."
2088,A 9to5Mac community post reveals that iPhone 6 customers are complaining on social media that their new phones keep ripping out chunks of their hair when they hold the phone up to their ear to take a call. Twitter users say their hair is getting caught in the seam between the glass screen and aluminum back of the iPhone 6.
2090,"In this week's And Finally, our bodies might be in Barcelona for MWC but we've kept one eye on the upcoming Apple Watch launch in San Francisco. Not fussed? Elsewhere, there's real life Wrong Trousers being developed and a crowdfunded augmented reality helmet to get excited about. Read this: MWC 2015 wearable tech preview And Finally is our weekly synopsis of the rumours and rumblings of the wearable world. Make sure you come back to Wareable for the latest big wearable tech news, reviews and analysis. Apple Watch launch set for 9 March The invites are out. Apple is inviting the tech press to an Apple"
2091,"The Department of Homeland Security has received serious and credible information indicating that an extremist splinter group of Al Qaeda, now going by the name Bhakkar Fatwa, is planning multiple attacks against American consumers as they wait in line for stores to open on November 28th: the day known as Black Friday."
2092,"Investment firm Piper Jaffray issued a report on Monday breaking down expected Apple Watch average selling prices, saying an aggregate of consumers will likely spend closer to $550 on the device, considering case and internal storage options. Building off Apple's quoted starting price of $349, analyst Gene Munster anticipates combined Apple Watch ASPs to fall closer to $550, or $575 to $600 including additional bands. Apple Watch will come in three separate price tiers — Apple Watch Sport, Apple Watch and Apple Watch Edition — each series including two display sizes and a variety of strap choices. Starting with Apple Watch Sport, the aluminum and glass version widely thought to be the least"
2093,A report from Judicial Watch stated that four ISIS members were apprehended at the Mexican border.
2096,"Islamic State militants have released a graphic video allegedly depicting the beheading of American photojournalist James Wright Foley, who has been missing in Syria since 2012. The Islamist group also threatened to kill another American journalist, Steven Joel Sotloff of World Affairs and Time, stating his fate is in the hands of President Barack Obama. Foley went missing almost two years ago while covering the conflict in Syria as a freelance photographer. The 39-year-old reporter was working for Agence France-Presse when he disappeared, and his whereabouts were essentially unknown until this recording surfaced. His November 22nd disappearance was classified as a kidnapping by the FBI, which"
2097,"SEVEN girls, aged 13 to 15, have fallen pregnant after a five-day school trip to their country’s capital city and their parents are being blamed. The schoolgirls, from the city of Banja Luka, went..."
2098,"The doctors of the Hospital Carlos III confirmed this morning in a press conference, the first human death caused by eating genetically modified food. Juan Pedro Ramos died of anaphylaxis after eating recently developed tomatoes with fish genes, causing a violent and deadly allergic reaction. This surprising announcement comes after the autopsy of the Spanish man of 31, who died at the hospital in Madrid in early January. The health of the young man quickly deteriorated after suffering an allergic reaction unexplained, and all drugs used to contain anaphylaxis have been totally ineffective. The team of experts claims to have been able to determine that genetically modified tomatoes that the victim ingested at lunch, were the cause of"
2102,The UK confirmed the video showing the beheading of aid worker David Haines.
2103,"School field trips aren’t what they used to be. Just ask the furious parents of seven teenage girls who became pregnant on a five-day school trip to Sarajevo, the capital city of Bosnia."
2104,"KANSAS CITY, MO (KCTV) - A man rushed to a Kansas City-area hospital Saturday is not being treated for Ebola, hospital officials say. HCA Midwest assistant vice president Chris Hamele said that the patient does not have the symptom profile of virus and is being treated appropriately for his condition."
2106,"She is rarely seen without her trademark Chanel sunglasses, by day or by night. So when Anna Wintour stepped out minus her shades on Friday afternoon, all eyes were on her. The powerful Vogue editor-in-chief gave a steely glare as she left the magazine's new headquarters at One World Trade Center, which has reportedly been overrun with an infestation of rats."
2109,A SCHOOLBOY who was almost killed when he was knocked out by a massive electrical shock claims he now has superpowers like those of Marvel&rsquo;s Magneto.
2111,"According to Bloomberg, Vice CEO Shane Smith spent a jaw-dropping $300,000 on a dinner at the Bellagio's Prime Steakhouse during CES in January. A group of 12 diners joined Smith at the steakhouse, the brainchild of legendary chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten. During an earnings call Tuesday, MGM Resorts International revealed that an unnamed guest had dropped $300,000 on a meal at Prime during the week of CES. The Vice CEO had apparently had quite the night at the blackjack tables — according to the Bloomberg report, he had won some $100,000 gambling earlier that night. MGM spokesman Clark Dumont told Bloomberg that the majority of the check was spent"
2113,"A shooting at Canada’s Parliament Hill took place on Wednesday morning, with one suspect shot dead. Two sources told the Canadian Press that Sergeant-At-Arms Kevin Vickers shot the first suspect. “I am safe & profoundly grateful to Sgt at Arms Kevin Vickers & our security forces for selfless act of keeping us safe,” said Julian Fantino, Canada’s Minister of Veterans Affairs and a member of Parliament, via Twitter. “To all in Ottawa, stay safe & strong. Thank God for Sgt at Arms Kevin Vickers & our Cdn security forces. True heroes...” added Minister Peter MacKay. “Some people question why"
2114,"(DETROIT) In a decision that's expected to send shockwaves through the African-American community—and yet, give much relief to teachers everywhere—a federal judge ruled today that black women no longer have independent naming rights for their children."
2115,An alleged attempted rapist in India received a grisly punishment for his alleged attack on a young teenager – an angry mob dragged him into a butcher’s shop where his penis was severed with a meat cleaver.
2116,"Online retail giant Amazon.com Inc. plans to open its first brick-and-mortar store, according to people familiar with the plans. The site, set to open in time for the holiday-shopping season on Manhattan’s busy 34th Street, would mark an experiment by Amazon to connect with customers in the physical world."
2118,"On the same day Michael Brown was buried, a Ferguson man released what he claims to be new evidence in the case. CNN is reporting that the audio is from an unnamed man who says he was having a video chat with a woman when shots rang out on August 9. In the recording, as the man speaks to the woman, a quick series of shots can be heard in the background, followed by a 4-second pause and then another quick succession of shots. CNN reports that forensic audio expert Paul Ginsberg analyzed the recording and said he detected at least 10 gunshots—a cluster of six, followed by four. Twelve shell casings"
2122,"Now that's a special delivery! A group of real estate agents meeting in Ann Arbor surprised a man by giving him a $2,084 tip for delivering one pizza on Thursday. The man, identified only as Rob, was stunned and said on video, ""All I did was deliver pizza."" Agents from Keller Williams Realty all pitched in while attending the company's regional conference. Stacey McVey said they wanted to show their appreciation to someone from the service industry. Besides cash, the man received a Visa gift card, lottery tickets and letters of encouragement. Brian LeFevre, delivery manager at Pizza House in Ann Arbor, says"
2123,"The world knows him as ""Jihadi John,"" the masked man with a British accent who has beheaded several hostages held by the Islamic State and who taunts audiences in videos circulated widely online. But his real name, according to friends and others familiar with his case, is Mohammed Emwazi, a Briton from a well-to-do family who grew up in West London and graduated from college with a degree in computer programming. He is believed to have travelled to Syria around 2012 and to have later joined the Islamic State, the group whose barbarity he has come to symbolise. ""I have no doubt that Mohammed is Jihad"
2124,"If you're jonesing for an Apple Watch, you probably want to do a lot with it. But what if you're headed out to a party and would rather not risk staring at a dead screen when you're wondering how late it is? Don't worry, you're covered. The New York Times understands that the Watch has an unannounced Power Reserve option that limits the device to telling time. While it's not a completely unique feature (other watches do similar things), it's definitely helpful -- and it's a departure for Apple, whose mobile devices haven't had these kinds of"
2125,"On December 17, a site called InSerbia.info published a 400-word piece under the sensational headline: BiH: Seven Primary School Students Pregnant After Five-Day Excursion"
2127,"KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Kansas City health officials said a man held in isolation at a local hospital over the weekend was not infected with the Ebola virus. Officials hope to sooth nerves as fears about the deadly virus spread across the country, even though the virus itself has not."
2129,"The United States appears to now be flying unarmed surveillance drones over the IS stronghold of Raqqa, Syria. The pictures thus far suggest that the drone being used is the MQ-1 Reaper. The two photos show the distinct downward facing V-shaped tail used on Predator drones, and the aircraft does not appear to be carrying any missiles. As such, the available evidence indicates that the drone is being used for surveillance purposes, rather than in a hunter-killer type mission. According to local activists, the drone has been circling over the city for three hours. If the reports are true, this would suggest that the air environment over Ra"
2130,"Vice founder Shane Smith, with something that is not caviar. Via twitter.com Bloomberg reported Wednesday that Vice founder Shane Smith recently balled out exceptionally hard on a dinner for a group of 12 at the Prime Steakhouse in Las Vegas, racking up a $300,000 check."
2132,"The video was one of those viral sensations that tugs on your heartstrings and compels you to watch, because it defies your expectations and shows you just how kind and compassionate human beings can be. There was only one problem."
2133,"A Comcast customer says the company got him fired from the job after he complained about the company's billing and accounting issues. The problem? Comcast learned where Conal was employed. It just happened to be a company that does business with Comcast. Consumerist reports that Conal claims he never named the company when he was on the phone with various customer service reps -- he believes Comcast must've looked up the information somehow. Nonetheless: At some point shortly after that call, someone from Comcast contacted a partner at the firm to discuss Conal. This led to an ethics investigation and Conal's subsequent dismissal from his job;"
2134,"An official of the Central Public Works Department, who has been on furlough for the past 25 years, has been dismissed from service. On Thursday, Urban Development Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu issued orders to dismiss A.K. Verma for unauthorised absence from duty."
2135,"Rumours that the Caped Crusader's ride has been stolen have been greatly exaggerated. On Friday, bleedingcool.com said, ""The scuttlebutt from sources in Detroit is that one of the Batmobile models being used in the filming of Batman Vs. Superman has gone missing, believed stolen."" Not surprisingly, the Internet went into a tizzy, but later that day, Detroit police said the theft was a rumour. Sgt. Michael Woody told the Detroit Free Press that police confirmed with producers of Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice that the vehicle has not been stolen."
2137,"The following is one of the most unusual media stories of the last year. On Friday, Esquire Magazine posted a blistering piece bashing ESPN written by the publication's news editor Ben Collins. It was entitled ""ESPN has a problem with women."" While the column centered on the suspensions of Bill Simmons and Stephen A. Smith, the lead produced some exclusive details about coverage plans for Monday Night Football. Namely, the network would be having a domestic violence panel featuring 11 different voices. All men. Our bold emphasis has been added. On Monday night, a panel on a two-hour pregame show for Monday Night Football will, among other things"
2138,"World Health Organization confirms there are no suspected cases of Ebola in Iraq as of 5 January, after reports emerged last week suggesting members of Isis had contracted the disease"
2139,"MAIDUGURI, Nigeria — The leader of Nigeria's Islamic extremist group Boko Haram has denied agreeing to any cease-fire with the government and said more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls all have converted to Islam and been married off."
2141,"Sons of Anarchy won’t get made into a movie. A hoax article saying that creator Kurt Sutter will launch a film with Charlie Hunnam and Brad Pitt has gone viral. The bogus piece was published on Empire News, a satirical news website. Here’s the disclaimer for the site: “Empire News is a satirical and entertainment website. We only use invented names in all our stories, except in cases when public figures are being satirized. Any other use of real names is accidental and coincidental.” It had more than 80,000 shares as of Wednesday. A number of people apparently believed the fake article. “And Brad Pitt is"
2142,"Gillian Rosenberg, the Canadian-Israeli woman fighting ISIS with Kurdish forces in Syria, has updated her Facebook page to say that, contrary to reports, she has not been captured by militant forces."
2143,"A story circulating online claims that Dog Whisperer Cesar Millan died of a heart attack. That report, however, is false. Sponsored links Death Hoax In a report published by Unam Noticias, we read that Millan died in a Santa Clarita hospital of a heart attack. The story states that Millan’s death was announced by his wife at a press conference. The article, as of this writing, has received nearly 20,000 shares online. The report, however, is not true. cesar millan Some shocked readers shared the sad news on social media, without first verifying the claims in the report. Although as"
2144,"In a video released late Friday night, the leader of Islamist militant group Boko Haram claimed Nigeria's kidnapped schoolgirls have all been converted to Islam and married off. In the video, obtained by Agence France-Presse, Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau also denied having agreed to a ceasefire with the Nigerian government. ""Don't you know the over 200 Chibok schoolgirls have converted to Islam? They have now memorized two chapters of the Koran,"" he said. Laughing, he dashed hope that a deal might be reached in exchange for the girls' release, saying, ""The issue of the girls is long forgotten because"
2145,"A Texas plumber says he has no idea how his company's work truck ended up in the hands of Islamic extremists in Syria. The truck, a black Ford F-250 with the logo for Texas City's Mark-1 Plumbing emblazoned on the door, appeared in a tweet posted Monday by the Ansar al-Deen Front, a jihadist group operating near Aleppo. In the photo, a man fires an anti-aircraft gun mounted to the bed of the truck, presumably where plumbing equipment used to sit. Chechen Jaish al Muhajireen wal Ansar using plumbing truck against regime in #Aleppo pic.twitter"
2147,"Absolutely awful news. Media are reporting that journalist James Foley, captured in 2012, has been beheaded by ISIS."
2148,"North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un is reportedly planning to open a new restaurant in the United Kingdom. According to Daily Star, the tyrant is eyeing up locations as he looks to expand the state-backed chain of restaurants that started springing up in China and the rest of Asia before making their way to Europe. The restaurant, if opened, will be the second North Korean government eating joint in all of Europe. The first North Korean government restaurant was opened in Amsterdam in 2012. It is reported that 30 % of the total takings of the food outlets goes to Pyongyang, but critics think the cash will be used by Kim to maintain his own"
2149,"The FBI has been handed a potentially crucial recording that allegedly contains audio of the moment that Officer Darren Wilson opened fire and killed unarmed 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, earlier this month. Revealed by CNN's Don Lemon on Monday, at least ten shots are heard to ring out during the background of the recording, with a brief but significant pause between the first seven shots and the last volley of four. The unidentified man who has given the unverified tape to authorities claims to have coincidentally recorded the fatal shots that killed Brown in broad daylight on August 9, and experts who have listened to the audio have said it could prove damning"
2152,"Amazon is set to launch a free, ad-supported video service separate from its $99 Prime Instant Video offering, according to the New York Post. In case you're having deja vu, the WSJ reported exactly the same thing back in March and Amazon firmly denied it. However, the Post confidently said that the offering is now a definite go. One of its sources for the rumor is a potential advertiser, which said Amazon would unveil the service in order to increase its video share against arch-rival Netflix -- and ultimately tempt users into Prime memberships. Amazon (sort of) offers limited ad-supported streaming now, by letting non"
2153,"North Korean ruler Kim Jong Un has been missing from public view because he’s recuperating from surgery to repair two broken ankles, a new report says. The North Korean leader, who has gained weight since assuming leadership of the repressive, eccentric country, had been seen limping in official state videos before disappearing from view in early September."
2154,"Experts from across the world are attempting to understand whether a mysterious bang heard in the Nicaraguan capital of Managua on Saturday night was caused by a meteorite which broke off from a passing asteroid. Baffled residents of the Central American city told reporters that they heard a loud boom at around 11pm, but did not see anything shoot across the sky. Meanwhile, scientists are uncertain whether the now missing rock disintegrated or shot deep into the ground. ""I was sitting on my porch and I saw nothing, then all of a sudden I heard a large blast. We thought it was a bomb because we felt an expansive wave,"" Jorge Santamaria"
2155,"Lebanese authorities are holding a daughter and an ex-wife of the head of the ISIS jihadist group, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the interior minister said. It was initially reported that a wife and son of the self-proclaimed ‘caliph’ had been arrested in November. The woman, who has been named as Saja al-Dulaimi, was travelling with two sons and a daughter, interior minister Nouhad Mashnuq told the Lebanese MTV channel late Wednesday. He said DNA tests showed that the girl was Baghdadi’s child. “Dulaimi is not Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’"
2156,"A soldier has been shot at Ottawa's War Memorial in Canada, near the parliament, after a gunman opened fire. The soldier was being treated by paramedics and police rushed on the scene. Witnesses told CBC News that the suspected shooter was carrying rifle. The Canadian parliament building was reported to be in lockdown following the shooting. Police have cordoned the area and blocked access to Parliament Hill. Other reports said shots were fired inside the parliament. Other reports said the man was wearing a long dark coat and had a ""Middle Eastern scarf covering his face"". Witness said man had a long rifle, dark coat, wearing what was described as a Middle"
2159,"One of the five Taliban fighters traded last year for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is trying to make contact with the Taliban once again, Fox News has learned."
2161,"A fisherman has reeled in a monster 19 stone catfish, which could be the biggest in the world caught with a rod and reel. Dino Ferrari hooked the whopper wels catfish, which was 2.67m in length, last week in the Po Delta in Italy. While the fish might set a new record for the biggest caught on a line, it is far from the heaviest ever landed. The biggest was 22st and 2.78m long, and was also from the Po Delta. Wels catfish can grow as long as 4m and up to 62st. However, it is rare to catch one that is over two meters"
2162,Reports that 11 commercial jetliners are missing from the main airport in Libya's capital of Tripoli are raising fears that militants could use them in terrorist attacks to mark the 13th anniversary of 9/11 next week.
2163,"Elected officials and activists in New York are reacting positively to the city's new policy that loosens how it treats people found in possession of marijuana. Many had earlier said that young minority males often were the subject of arrests for marijuana possession, and asserted that punishment for what they considered a relatively minor crime could often affect a person's entire future."
2164,"He may have been a few hours late, but a Newfoundland man who vowed to police over Facebook that he would turn himself in has kept his promise. Newfoundland police said over Twitter Monday afternoon that Rodney Constantine had “kept his word” and turned himself over to authorities after saying he would so in a Facebook comment -- to police."
2165,"The masked Islamic State militant known as ""Jihadi John"", who has been pictured in the videos of the beheadings of Western hostages, has been named. The BBC understands he is Mohammed Emwazi, a Kuwaiti-born British man in his mid-20s from west London, who was known to UK security services. They chose not to disclose his name earlier for operational reasons. Emwazi first appeared in a video last August, when he apparently killed the American journalist James Foley. He was later thought to have been pictured in the videos of the beheadings of US journalist Steven Sotloff, British aid worker David Haines"
2166,"It appears we have the world's first hoax serial killer on our hands. Only weeks after Judd Nelson was reported dead by a fake Fox News website, a fake MSNBC site is now reporting that Axl Rose was found dead in his home at the age of 52. Fetch thee thy magnifying glass to detect the problems with the website below: This humble scribe's favorite bit is that the hoax bothered to call the reports ""unconfirmed."" It's fake, dude; you can go ahead and confirm it. On that note Mediaite reached out to Rose's camp to check on his pulse, and will update accordingly"
2167,"(Reuters) - A prominent Saudi Arabian cleric has whipped up controversy by issuing a religious ruling forbidding the building of snowmen, described them as anti-Islamic."
2168,"In a new video posted online, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) claims it has captured weapons and ammunition dropped by the U.S. military that was intended for Kurdish forces defending an embattled Syrian city near the Turkish border. The airdrops Sunday were the first of their kind and followed weeks of U.S. and coalition airstrikes in and near Kobani"
2170,"Banja Luka (Bosnia and Herzegovina) - The news made headlines worldwide consternation: As many as seven students have become pregnant on a school trip in Bosnia - the girls were only 13 or 14 years old! IMAGE EXPERIENCED: ALL THE GIRLS HAVE DRIFTING AWAY. Their families would live in a small town in the province of Bosnia and Herzegovina, says the professor, who made the case publicly. Nenad Babic, gynecologist and national health coordinator in the country part of Republika Srpska (Serb Republic), told Bild: ""Can you imagine how the parents felt when they mitbek"
2171,"Over the weekend, Reddit user fryd_ posted a letter that Lego included in boxes of its toy building bricks in the 1970s. Addressed to parents, the note has a message about gender equality and gendered children's products that many toy companies today still don't seem to understand. The letter reads: To Parents. The urge to create is equally strong in all children. Boys and girls. It’s the imagination that counts. Not skill. You build whatever comes into your head, the way you want it. A bed or a truck. A dolls house or a spaceship. A lot of boys like dolls"
2172,The Pentagon confirmed that a cache of weapons fell into the hands of ISIS.
2174,"Vladimir Putin spoke at the dedication of a new monument to the First World War in Moscow on Friday. The Russian president said that the lessons of the war, which began a century ago this summer, were that peace is fragile, that military aggression is dangerous and that violence can generate more violence in turn. Putin has supported the separatists in Ukraine who apparently shot down a Malaysian airliner last month, killing all 298 people on board. A bird defecated on Putin during his speech, as shown in the footage above. European countries have been observing the centenary of the war this weekend, which claimed some 16 million lives, both soldiers"
2175,"A former PGA Tour player claims Tiger Woods has been suspended for one month under the Tour’s anti-doping program. Dan Olsen, who has made 35 career PGA Tour starts and was an exempt player for the 2004 season, made the claim Friday on radio station WVFN to host David DeMarco."
2176,"Longtime NBC Nightly News anchor Tom Brokaw reportedly wants his successor, Brian Williams, thrown out of the big chair after he admitted fabricating key portions of a story he repeatedly told about his reporting experience during the Iraq War in 2003."
2177,"On Monday morning, a report surfaced claiming that Comcast has been discouraging customers from using the Tor Browser, a browsing program designed to allow users to surf the Internet with greater anonymity than most browsers. Monday’s report was repackaged on a number of other sites, stating that Comcast has ""declared war on the Tor Browser."" The report goes on to suggest that Comcast has contacted some users telling them that they risk disconnection if they continue using Tor. The report may have generated a lot of clicks but is totally inaccurate. Comcast is not asking customers to stop using Tor, or any other browser for that matter. We have no policy against Tor,"
2178,Comcast has lately found itself issuing public apologies on a somewhat regular basis as subscribers share tales of horrible customer service. But the latest accusation leveled against Comcast—that it is threatening to disconnect customers who use the anonymity-providing Tor browser—hasn't been backed by convincing evidence that it's happening. And Comcast dismisses the rumor as “wildly inaccurate.” It began Saturday with a site called DeepDotWeb claiming that Comcast has “declared war on Tor Browser.” “Reports have surfaced (Via /r/darknetmarkets and another one submitted to us) that Comcast agents have contacted customers using Tor and instructed them to
2180,"No suspected cases of Ebola have been found in Iraq, despite reports to the contrary in Iraqi media in the past week, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Tuesday. Describing reports of suspect cases of the deadly viral infection in Mosul as ""rumor"", the Geneva-based United Nations health agency said it and the Iraqi health ministry had conducted a full investigation. ""All sources contacted have negated the existence of any suspected cases of Ebola,"" the WHO said in a statement. ""The [Iraqi] Ministry of Health and the World Health Organization further confirmed that the laboratory facilities in Mosul do not have the necessary capabilities to diagnose"
2181,"ESPN’s “Monday Night Football” will not be featuring a discussion in which an all-male panel discusses domestic violence. In fact, the telecast of the game between the New England Patriots and Kansas City Chiefs will feature just a regular pregame show. There was never, the network says, a panel discussion about the topic planned for tonight. The network was hammered with calls after an Esquire blog post (“ESPN Has a Problem with Women”) indicated that an all-male lineup would debate the topic, which has been a hot once since the second Ray Rice video surfaced three weeks ago. On Monday, in the third game since the explosive"
2184,"Obesity rates in America have more than doubled over the last 2 decades and has become the leading public health issue in the U.S. With more than two-thirds of the adult population overweight, McDonald’s has decided to become part of the obesity rate solution – not the problem."
2185,It seems it’s not enough to simply tell your boss I quit anymore if this game note is to be believed. A developer for Electric Boogie apparently had such disdain for the person he worked for he decided to ridicule them in a rather creative way.
2186,"A hoax that went viral on the internet has left fans of one country musician wondering exactly how all the madness began. Inquisitr reports that the internet was aflame with reactions after fake news that country legend Willie Nelson had died. Although 81-years-old, the legendary crooner has not yet kicked the bucket. The rumor about Nelson's demise first began on the fake site MSMBC, according to Inquisitr. The initials for the site so closely mirror the actual news organization MSNBC that people glancing at the headline understood it to be true. The fact the story cited made up police officials also lent it an undeserved"
2187,"The most expensive Apple Watch set to go on sale in April will have to cost around $10,000, according to analysis done by the timepiece blog Grail Watch. That's mostly because the Apple Watch Edition has a frame made from solid 18-karat gold, which is very expensive. Grail Watch notes that gold sells for between $1,200 and $1,300 per ounce these days. By that measure, the Apple Watch Edition's frame would cost around $8,300 for the larger 42mm version, excluding all other costs. That's assuming the watch's case is made from solid gold, not gold-plated. But the blog notes that Apple"
2188,"When Apple introduced its Apple Watch in September, the company said there would be three editions along with various face options and bands. Customers will literally have dozens of watch configurations to choose from. Only the base model got an official price of $349, however. Now a report claims to have pricing information on other editions. MacRumors spotted a French blog whose sources suggest the stainless steel Apple Watch variant will start at $500 while gold models could cost $4,000 and up. The iGen blog has been credible in the past, correctly predicting the size of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. If you take the view that Apple Watch is simply another"
2191,"Despite government claims of a ceasefire, gunmen believed to be Boko Haram fighters attacked two villages and a town near the border with Niger, killing at least 8."
2192,"WATCHERS of North Korea's secretive regime believe it could be planning another surprise move, a restaurant in Scotland. The Cambodia eaterie Leader Kim Jong-Un has already opened a diner in Amsterdam,..."
2196,"With its huge, gaping mouth, it looks big enough to swallow a person whole. This giant catfish, which weighed 20 stone (127kg) was caught by twin brothers Dino and Dario Ferrari in the Po River of northern Italy."
2197,"Islamic State brutes fed a distraught woman searching for her kidnapped son some meat and rice – and then told her she had just eaten her son, according to a British man who joined the fight against ISIS."
2200,"A video released by the Islamic State on Tuesday allegedly shows a stray weapons bundle from the United States that missed its target in Kurdish-controlled areas near Kobani, Syria and instead fell into the hands of IS (ISIS or ISIL) militants."
2201,"Along with unveiling the Apple Watch earlier this year, the company also announced that the prices for the wearable device will start at $349. French website iGen.fr now claims to have an idea about the pricing of the stainless steel variant, as well as the gold variant."
2202,"The ""Jihadi John"" killer who has featured in several Islamic State in Iraq and Syria beheading videos is Mohammed Emwazi, a Briton from a middle class family who grew up in London and graduated from college with a degree in computer programming, the Washington Post newspaper said."
2203,A schoolboy who was almost killed when knocked out by a massive electric shock now claims the accident gave him superpowers like those of X-Men's Magneto.
2206,"A ""propaganda video"" released by ISIS has set off a range of international responses."
2207,Sen. Lindsey Graham says the Taliban detainees released from Guantanamo Bay in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl have been in touch with members of the al-Qaida-linked Haqqani network
2208,"Islamist militias in Libya took control of nearly a dozen commercial jetliners last month, and western intelligence agencies recently issued a warning that the jets could be used in terrorist attacks across North Africa."
2210,"Texas Turkey Farm Contaminated With Ebola, Over 250,000 Holiday Turkeys Infected. A Texas turkey farm employee is now under quarantine after he tested positive for the Ebola virus."
2211,"It looks like Christian Bale will no longer be playing Steve Jobs in Danny Boyle's upcoming biopic on the Apple founder. According to The Hollywood Reporter, the decision to leave the film was made by Bale himself, who decided the film wasn't a good fit. ""Sources say Bale, after much deliberation and conflicting feelings, came to the conclusion he was not right for the part and decided to withdraw,"" says The Hollywood Reporter. The film's screenplay, which was written by Academy and Emmy award winning writer Aaron Sorkin, is said to focus on three pivotal keynote presentations given by Steve Jobs. Seth Rogen is also reportedly in"
2212,Unlucky in love Yang Hu was so fed up with not having a girlfriend that he chopped off his own penis -because he had no real use for it
2213,"On Tuesday, Apple unveiled its first wearable device, the Apple Watch. During the company's presentation, we learned a lot about what you'll be able to do with the company's new smartwatch. Right now, the Apple Watch's battery life is about one day, but Paczkowski's sources say Apple is working on some modifications to make the watch last longer on a charge before its 2015 launch. [...] a lot of smartwatches run on components that are meant for smartphones and aren't properly optimized for wrist-worn gadgets, Chris Jones, vice president and principal analyst with Canalys Insight, told Business Insider"
2214,"Michael Zehaf-Bibeau has been identified as the suspect in the shooting at Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Canada on Wednesday. Zehaf-Bibeau shot a soldier at the national War Memorial before entering the Centre Block and firing off more shots. Epoch Times reporter Matthew Little says that the shooter got as far as the library before Sergeant-At-Arms shot him dead. The soldier was rushed to a hospital but later died. There are at least three other shooting victims who survived. U.S. officials revealed Zehaf-Bibeau’s identity to CBS News. The officials say Zehaf-Bi"
2215,"Recently, a second-grader from Kohl Isilkulsky District accidentally discovered his ability superhero. Seven-year student may be attracted to metal objects and even move them from a distance. About supernormal schoolboy entire Omsk region learned from the report ""12 channel"". Nicholas Kruglyachenko schoolboy from Isilkul: - When I do not even want, everything appears. Once I even pulled glass. He moved on its own. Practically I think to become a superhero. Touching the boy may even affect others and pass them superpowers. Second graders can influence others so that people at the time turned into magnets"
2217,"In an aptly described “joint policy initiative,” Mayor de Blasio and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton announced Monday that most people caught with small amounts of marijuana in the city will get slapped with summonses instead of arrested."
2218,"Matt Taibbi, the star magazine writer hired earlier this year to start a satirical website for billionaire Pierre Omidyar's First Look Media, is on a leave of absence from the company after disagreements with higher-ups inside Omidyar's organization, a source close to First Look confirmed today."
2219,A British man who went to fight with the Kurds against Islamic State has claimed the terror group fed a desperate mother a meal of meat and rice before revealing she had eaten her own son.
2220,"An unverified audio recording that may have captured the shooting of Michael Brown is being investigated by the FBI, according to a report. News that a recording had surfaced was revealed on CNN, although the network said it had not independently confirmed that the alleged gunshots heard on the tape were from the shooting of the unarmed 18-year-old in Ferguson, Missouri, on Aug. 9. In the recording, a man who has not been identified is heard speaking when a series of gunshots can be heard in the background. There is a quick pause and then another round of gunshots are fired. According to CNN, the man lives near where"
2221,"For the umpteenth time, Miami was distracted by the rumor that Fidel Castro, 88, who has survived revolution, assassination attempts, countless cigars, substantial stress, a fall after leaving a stage and a life-threatening stomach ailment, had finally succumbed."
2223,"Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster has issued a new report to investors, breaking down expected Apple Watch average selling prices. The analyst predicts that the stainless steel Apple Watch will be priced at $499, while the 18k Gold Edition will sell for $4,999, AppleInsider reports. He also said that on average, consumers will spend closer to $550 on the device, considering case and internal storage options. Apple watch versions Apple Watch will be released in three separate price tiers i.e. Apple Watch Sport, Apple Watch and Apple Watch Edition, with each series including two display sizes and a variety of strap choices. Starting with Apple Watch Sport,"
2224,"According to Iraqi Member of Parliament Ali al-Bredi, ISIS has used chlorine gas to attack soldiers near Fallujah."
2225,"The North Korean embassy in London has denied reports on Scottish media sites on Monday that it is planning to open an state-backed restaurant in Scotland. ""I think that is fabricated, it’s nonsense,"" a spokesman in the North Korean embassy in London told Mashable. North Korea Leadership Watch's editor Michael Madden, who is a frequent visitor to the communist state, said the country is desperate to build diplomatic ties with European countries with left-wing leanings. ""It would not surprise me at all if they opted to open a restaurant in Scotland,"" he said, according to the Daily Record. ""The Scottish independence referendum catapulted Scotland"
2227,"Looking back, maybe the human baby face superimposed on a cheery yellow cartoon sun was creepy. But that didn't stop the sun baby watching over Teletubbyland from being accepted as part of the landscape, and that face has been part of so many childhood TV-watching memories for years."
2228,"If you ever visit the Microsoft campus in the Silicon Valley and hear a mechanical voice shout ""Ex-ter-min-ate!"", don't be too spooked. It just means some geek humor has gone a little crazy. Microsoft's campus in Silicon Valley will be patrolled by a team of five security guard robots from a company called Knightscope. The robot, dubbed K5, is five feet tall, weighs 300 pounds, and looks disturbingly like the Daleks of ""Doctor Who"" fame. Fortunately, they are not armed with lasers. They use cameras and sensors to monitor their assigned area and look for suspicious activity."
2230,"BEIJING/ SEOUL, Oct 9- North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is in firm control of his government but has hurt his leg, a source with access to the secretive North's leadership said on Thursday, playing down speculation over the 31-year-old's health and grip on power. The source said that Kim hurt his leg while inspecting military exercises."
2234,"A video of an airport worker stripping naked to go through a security scanner in protest at heavy-handed security guards has gone viral. Georgy Myakinkin, 31, who works at the airport in the city of St Petersburg in northwestern Russia, had finished his shift and was going home when he remembered he had left his keys at work."
2235,"Mediaite writes about CNN's morning show questioning the reporting of one of CNN's evening shows. Monday night, ""CNN Tonight"" aired an audiotape purported to capture the shooting of Michael Brown. The tape was brought to CNN by St. Louis attorney Lopa Blumenthal, (at right with anchor Don Lemon) who says a former client gave it to her. Lemon repeatedly said that CNN could not verify the authenticity of the tape. TVNewser has learned CBS News received the same audio earlier this week from Blumenthal, but chose not to run it because it could not be verified. This morning on ""New Day,"" two"
2236,CNN report that one of five Taliban members formerly held by the US at Guantnamo may have re-engaged in unspecified terrorist activity plunges Obama administration back into acrimonious debate
2237,"It's not exactly legalization, but in New York City it could become the next best thing: tickets for marijuana possession instead of arrests. According to a report on Sunday from The New York Times, the New York Police Department (NYPD) is planning to announce new guidelines that would allow those found in possession of small amounts of marijuana to walk away with a ticket instead of spending time in handcuffs. The change in policy could have wide-ranging effects in a city known for arresting thousands citizens each year for marijuana possession. If true, the change in policy could also have a significant impact on the city's black and Hispanic community"
2238,"Many of today's modern customer service departments are notorious for leaving customers with anything but service. Phone calls lead to recorded run-arounds that resolve nothing while wasting the customer's time. If a live customer service representative is actually reached, they may cheerily [...]"
2240,"A catholic priest from Masschussetts, who was reported dead for close to an hour before medics were able to revive him, has made a shocking revelation upon his return to life."
2241,A video released by ISIS claims to show the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
2242,"A Texas plumber is getting death threats after his old truck — still bearing his name — was tweeted on the front line by Islamic jihadists in Syria. Mark Oberholtzer’s former Ford F-250 pickup truck, wh..."
2246,"THE young soldier killed in a terror attack on the Canadian parliament last night was a devoted family man and a career soldier who planned on becoming a border guard. By contrast, his killer was a convicted criminal who was on the terror watchlist and had his passport confiscated. It was chance that brought the two men together, when Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, launched his attack as Corporal Nathan Cirillo, 25, stood guard at Ottawa&rsquo;s war memorial, just metres away from the national parliament. Zehaf-Bibeau shot Corporal Cirillo dead before running into parliament, only to be killed himself by the Sergeant"
2247,"SANAA, Dec 6- U.S. journalist Luke Somers was killed during a rescue operation in Shabwa in southern Yemen on Saturday, a senior official in the president's office told Reuters. Yemen's Defence Ministry said earlier on Saturday that an American hostage had been freed in an operation that killed 10 Islamist militants."
2248,"SEVEN girls, aged 13 to 15, have fallen pregnant after a five-day school trip to their country’s capital city and their parents are being blamed. The schoolgirls, from the city of Banja Luka, went..."
2249,"The Department of Homeland Security is denying a congressman’s assertion that fighters with the militant group Islamic State, also known as ISIL or ISIS, have been caught crossing the southwestern border."
2250,"The FBI has allegedly interviewed a man whose video chat with a friend picked up audio of the gunshots that killed Michael Brown, the individual’s lawyer tells CNN. What attorney Lopa Blumenthal claims is the sound of Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson firing at the unarmed 18-year-old can be heard in two distinct bursts — at least six shots, a pause, and an additional four shots, according to a forensic audio expert — in the ten-second clip. “It’s the pause that gives most concern in a police shooting, especially with an unarmed victim, because at this point Mr. Brown is defenseless — he has no"
2251,"HAVANA (AP) &acirc; Social media around the world have been flooded with rumors of Fidel Castro's death, but there was no sign Friday that the reports were true, even if the 88-year-old former Cuban leader has not been seen in public for months. By Friday, Cuba-related Twitter accounts were ablaze with speculation, fueled in large part by reports on news websites such as Diario de Cuba and Diario las Americas that Cuba had scheduled a news conference, possibly to discuss Castro's health."
2252,"If BuzzFeed has taught us anything, it's that nothing is more basic than pumpkin-spice flavoring. But what about vanilla sex with a pumpkin-spice condom? This weekend, an image allegedly depicting a Durex pumpkin-spice-flavored condom circulated around social media, exciting basic white girls and the people who want to have sex with them. Because safe sex is important, no matter what season it is.  #pumpkinspice pic.twitter.com/kzHSBgw87a But as a basic white girl who handed over real American currency last night in exchange for a pumpkin-spice-scented Yankee"
2254,"According to a statement by his wife, Henning has been found innocent"
2255,"Rumors are circulating that are too delicious to overlook. Has Kanye West been banned from future Grammy Awards shows? Some sources on the World Wide Interweb are reporting that the infamous stage crasher and his wife, Kim Kardashian have been forever banned from attending future Grammy Awards. However, the rapper is still eligible to win a Grammy.  More Kim Kardashian: The 31 Best Instagram Posts By Celebs At The Grammys West, who is more famous for his marriage and storming the stage to protest when Beyoncé doesn’t win than for his music these days first caused this kind of controversy back in 2009. Yeezus stormed the stage at the"
2256,"New footage of the elusive yeti, captured amid the snowfields of Russia, is sparking renewed debate about the creature’s existence, as some see definitive proof while others claim the video is nothing more than a publicity stunt. A group of Russian researchers set out after the yeti, traveling to the south-western Adygeya Republic after local news detailed sightings of the creature, according to the Daily Mail. The yeti had reportedly been spotted just an hour’s drive away from the city of Adygeisk. After arriving in the area, the team interviewed witnesses at a local mountainside lodge who claimed to have seen"
2257,"(Reuters) - Historians on Thursday opened up a 113-year-old time capsule that had been hidden in a statue of a lion atop Boston's Old State House, and discovered a small red hardcover book tucked inside a copper box."
2260,A humorous report on a satirical Web site done in the style of China's state broadcaster CCTV offers advice to Chinese on how to choose their English names.
2261,"From the midweek edition of the Morning Jolt: Say What? ‘At Least Ten ISIS Fighters Have Been Caught Coming Across the Border’ Rep. Duncan Hunter, Republican of California, does not seem like a nut job or prone to wild exaggerations. But last night he said something that should make jaws drop: Van Susteren: Hold on. Stop for one second. Hunter: They are going to be bombing American cities coming across from Mexico. Van Susteren: Let me ask a question. You say that they are coming in the southern border, which changes all the dynamics Do you have any information that they are coming"
2263,They must be the nattiest rats in all of New York City. Journalists at the fashion bible Vogue have been forced to delay their move into swanky new offices on the site of the Twin Towers because of an infestation of rodents
2264,"MANAGUA, Sept. 9 (Xinhua) -- A Nicaraguan commission charged with investigating a possible meteorite crash over the weekend presented an initial report and rock samples on Tuesday."
2265,"In further trouble for Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, head of Sirsa-based Dera Sacha Sauda, Punjab and Haryana High Court has ordered a CBI probe into the allegations of forced castration of his followers inside the ashram."
2266,"Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.) claimed Tuesday that ""at least"" 10 Islamic State fighters were apprehended while attempting to enter the U.S. at its southern border. The San Diego Republican said U.S. Border Patrol ""sources"" told him that ""at least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas."" ""If you really want to protect Americans from ISIS, you secure the southern border -- it’s that simple,"" he said. ""They caught them at the border, therefore we know that ISIS is coming across the border. If they catch five or 10 of them then"
2267,"Nearly killed by Taliban sniper With all the bad news coming out of Syria, Iraq, and the Ukraine, it’s easy to forget that the United States still has thousands of troops on the ground in Afghanistan. While a new combat theater has opened up in the Levant, the fight to vanquish the Taliban and the remnants of the Afghan insurgency rolls on as the longest war in American history finally winds down. Just last year, one Marine team was conducting a “joint helicopter raid” in Helmand Province when they crossed the sights of a Taliban sniper. The phrase “my life flashed before my eyes” has been used and abused in our"
2268,The woman also detained is believed to be al-Baghdadi's ex-wife DNA tests have confirmed that the child held by Lebanese authorities is the daughter of the Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
2269,"Did you hear? It's finally pumpkin spice season! (Don't listen to the deniers.) And what better way to enjoy autumn than with a pumpkin-spice flavored condom? At least that's what social media would have you believe, as a photoshopped image of a limited-edition pumpkin-spice condom endlessly circulated on Twitter and Facebook over the weekend. We've officially reached Pumpkin Spice saturation point. pic.twitter.com/Tve77ov5JZ — gwendolyn richards (@gwendolynmr) September 7, 2014 But alas, those hoping for a fall"
2271,"French Apple website iGen.fr is reporting that pricing for the stainless steel Apple Watch may start at $500, while the gold Apple Watches' pricing could start between $4,000 and $5,000."
2272,"The leader of Boko Haram has denied agreeing to any cease-fire with the Nigerian government, and said he married off the more than 200 schoolgirls that the Islamic extremist group kidnapped."
2273,"When Tim Cook unveiled the Apple Watch back in September, its official launch date was set as the oh-so-vague ""Spring 2015."" Now, we have our first guess as to what that launch date could actually look like. 9to5Mac reports that the Apple Watch is set to ship in the U.S. by the end of March, with Apple Store retail training scheduled for mid February. According to the report, Apple will be sending representatives from Apple Stores to Apple's offices in Cupertino or Austin, Texas to learn about the Watch, which will better prepare store employees for when the Watch arrives. In addition"
2274,"Jordan’s King Abdullah announced he was cutting short a visit to the U.S. following the brutal death of a Jordanian fighter pilot captured by ISIS with this photo. The king, a former military pilot himself, joined Jordanian leaders in calling Lt. Muath al-Kaseasbeh, who was burned alive, a martyr. The government also vowed revenge and an “earth-shaking” response. facebook.com Sometimes called the “Warrior King,” it wasn’t long before rumors began spreading that his majesty was going to take care of business — personally. Via Twitter: @josephbraude  |"
2275,"Developers say Apple is limiting what Apple Watch apps are capable of doing early on in order to ensure a smooth launch and maintain battery life. ""I think Apple is taking a similar approach with the Apple Watch and iPhone, saying to themselves 'We don't have an option to fail on this,'"" Sumit Mehra, CTO of app studio Y Media Labs told Business Insider. Apple is only going to allow developers to do the basic stuff to just get the Apple Watch out there, because either it's not ready, or they don't know what the implications of something like this could be."" Mehra says he thinks it"
2276,"First customers complained that their new iPhone 6s were bending. Now owners of the new Apple gadget have said when they make a phone call - it is ripping out their hair. The new controversy, branded by social media users as 'hairgate', follows allegations people are getting their beard or head hair'snagged' when the phone is held against their face. Claims: Chad Coleman was one of the first people to raise the issue on Twitter after complaining that his'scruff' was being ripped Anger: Scott Bilsky blamed the seam where the aluminium meets the glass on his hair being pulled out Scandal: Hairgate is"
2277,"Apple took the leap into the wearable space with the announcement of its Apple Watch earlier in September this year, revealing that the device will start at $349. Now rumors suggest that the gold and stainless steel editions of the Apple Watch may set consumers back by $5,000 and $500, respectively!"
2278,"Actor Judd Nelson, 55, has been forced to confirm that he is alive and well after rumors swept the internet on Sunday morning that he had died overnight."
2280,"Mark Oberholtzer isn't an Islamic fighter in Syria. He's never been to Syria. And the plumber from Texas City, Texas, says he certainly would never willingly aid fundamentalist rebels. So it's hard for him to understand how his Ford F-250 pickup truck - including his logo for Mark-1 Plumbing and his phone number - wound up being in a photo posted on Twitter by the extremist Ansar al-Deen Front from the front lines of the war in Syria. Mr Oberholtzer says he's been getting hundreds of phone calls and faxes since the Ansar al-Deen Front tweeted a picture"
2281,"Parliament Hill's Centre Block is in lockdown after shots were fired in the building and a soldier standing guard at the National War Memorial was shot. (Follow The Globe's Josh Wingrove (@josh_wingrove) for updates.) Eyewitnesses said an armed man with long black hair emerged at the war memorial, fired about four times, and a guard went down. The gunman then ran toward Parliament Hill. The shooting victim was taken to hospital in an ambulance. Police have sealed off the area. Police locked down Parliament and Ottawa Police tactical officers arrived, pointing guns at journalists and ordering them to the ground."
2283,"Beirut: The second wife of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is under interrogation in military detention in Lebanon after she was arrested in the north of Lebanon 10 days ago, security officials revealed on Tuesday. It is unclear whether she was fleeing the self-proclaimed caliph of the extremist Sunni group, or if she remains loyal to Baghdadi and was simply in hiding, experts said."
2284,"At least now I know who to direct my sun rage at: 19-year-old Jess Smith, a first-year college student at Canterbury Christ Church University who claims she played the monster in the sky (not God). She filmed the part when she was nine months old and didn’t tell anyone outside of her family until “a game with her university friends – where they all had to say something about themselves that no one else would guess.” Finally, a freshman orientation that isn’t pointless. Read the whole story at Uproxx"
2286,"In a welcome break from a slow weekend of news filled with violence and murders, a report that actor Judd Nelson—best known for playing ""The Criminal"" John Bender in The Breakfast Club—had died turned out to be false. The false report came from the site ""foxnews.es"" which somehow manages to beat the real FOX News in reporting fake information. Nelson's agent Gregg Klein denied the report to the LA Times today and even provided a photo of the alive-and-well ""Brat Pack"" actor holding up a copy of today's Sunday Times with the note, ""Reports of Judd Nelson's"
2287,"CNN has released new audio tonight in the Michael Brown case, and it reportedly confirms Darren Wilson shot at Brown 11 times—five from behind and six face-to-face. You can even hear a significant pause between the two strings of fire. This new audio also matches up with the statements made by Piaget Crenshaw and Tiffany Mitchell. And while it doesn't necessarily confirm everything they've said, it certainly adds to its credibility. Both women say they saw Brown and Wilson wrestling in the doorway of the police car before Brown ran away and was shot at from the back. Then, they say, Brown turned around with his arms"
2288,"The copper box was entombed in the state capitol in 1795 Someone call Nicholas Cage because Bostonians may have just discovered a new real-life national treasure. A time capsule from 1795 in the form of a small copper box was unearthed in Massachusetts statehouse in Boston Thursday. The container was first placed in the cornerstone of the building on Beacon Hill by revolutionary war hero Paul Revere and the then-governor of Massachusetts, Samuel Adams. The cigar-box sized capsule will be x-rayed over the weekend and its contents revealed next week. The artifact is believed to be one of the oldest time capsules in Massachusetts, making"
2290,"Central Bedfordshire Council has refuted newspaper reports which suggested it was about to issue an Anti-Social Behaviour Order (Asbo) to a six-foot mechanical bear. The polar bear, named Bernard, is situated outside the Loft Cafe in Shefford and performs Christmas carols to passers-by but a story in the Bedfordshire on Sunday newspaper suggested residents feared it “could be hit with an Asbo after receiving complaints”. However, a press officer for the council told i100.co.uk that the story was “embellished” and there had been “absolutely no mention of an Asbo or a gagging order, or anything like"
2293,"Medical staff at Bali International Medical Centre said the spider had burrowed itself into Dylan Thomas’s skin through a scar from where his appendix had been removed. The 21-year-old, from Bunbury, Western Australia, told NT News he woke up on Saturday morning to find a 2-inch red trail rising up from his stomach. Later that day it had risen two or three inches higher up his body, he said. When he first went to doctors on Sunday they told him it was an insect bite and gave him some cream, NT News reported. By Monday morning the trail had started to blister. Then Thomas saw a dermatologist, who"
2295,"Islamic State group fighters seized at least one cache of weapons airdropped by U.S.-led coalition forces that were meant to supply Kurdish militiamen battling the extremist group in a border town, activists said today. The cache of weapons included hand grenades, ammunition and rocket-propelled grenade launchers, according to a video uploaded by a media group loyal to the Islamic State (ISIS) group. The video appeared authentic and corresponded to The Associated Press' reporting of the event. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which bases its information on a network of activists on the ground, said the militants had seized at least one cache"
2296,"North Korean despot Kim Jong-un has been guzzling pint after pint of ‘snake wine’, with the body of a dead cobra in the bottle – in a vain attempt to restore life to genitals he may not have seen for years due to his vast bulk."
2297,"Pope Francis suggested recently that even animals have a place in heaven, while trying to soothe a young boy during a public appearance at the Vatican's St. Peter's Square."
2299,"A new survey from UBS suggests that the Apple Watch could get off to a strong start, leading the investment firm to predict sales of 24 million units and gross profit of $3.4 billion from the wearable device in its first few months alone. In its poll of 4,000 consumers, UBS found that 10 percent of consumers said they are ""very likely"" to buy a smartwatch in the next 12 months. Applying that same percentage to the total number of eligible iPhone owners, UBS believes Apple will sell 24 million Apple Watches in its first nine months of availability. Detailing the results in a note to investors on Monday, analyst Steven Milunovich noted that the"
2302,"Online reports in jihadi and Palestinian forums claim Gill Rosenberg was captured by Islamic State group in embattled town of Kobani. Gill Rosenberg, the Israeli-Canadian who joined Kurdish forces in their battles against the radical Islamic State terror group has been reportedly taken captive by the group, unconfirmed reports claimed. Rosenberg, 31, is a civil aviation pilot who enlisted in an Israeli army search-and-rescue unit before being arrested in 2009, extradited to the United States and jailed over an international phone scam, one of her former lawyers said. Rosenberg said that she had made contact with the Kurds through Facebook, asking them to allow her to join the Kurdish People"
2303,"The man who jumped a fence and was able to run through the front doors of the White House may have made it further into the building than was previously reported by the Secret Service. According to the Washington Post, Omar Gonzalez overpowered one Secret Service agent and ran through most of the building's main floor."
2304,"A group of 14-year-old girls in Bosnia have been arrested for having sex with a 15-year-old boy while on a school trip, UK MailOnline reported."
2305,"You know that tendency we have to judge people by what they look like? Yeah, this is why you shouldn't do that.

""There's a lot of people that are just victims of circumstance,"" the homeless man told Josh Paler Lin, a prankster known for his YouTube videos. ""And they didn't go homeless because they're lazy ...It could be a divorce, and one thing leads to another. A man sells his boat, his home, and all of a sudden he finds out he has no money. There's a lot of good people that are homeless.""
 
h/t HuffPo"
2306,"David Haines is the third western hostage and the first Briton to be killed in this fashion by Isis – the first, US journalist James Foley, was murdered in a video released on 19 August"
2307,The Pentagon has confirmed that the weapons were indeed seized by ISIS.
2309,"North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un is considering opening a restaurant in Scotland. His government’s Pyongyang chain of diners already has a branch in Amsterdam. And the Supreme Leader’s interest in the Scottish independence referendum means Scotland is high in his thoughts. Michael Madden, editor of the North Korea Leadership Watch, said: “It would not surprise me at all if they opted to open a restaurant in Scotland. “The Scottish independence referendum catapulted Scotland into the North Korean elite’s thoughts. “Despite voting ‘No’ they’d consider left-leaning Scotland to be more suitable to deal with than England. Plus, North Koreans love"
2311,"Apple is reportedly aiming to sell upwards of 50 million Apple Watches in 2015. The news comes via a new report from Digitimes, which claims that Apple has placed orders for shipments of up to five million AMOLED panels per month throughout the year. These screens will be used as the innovative touch-sensitive display for Apple’s wearables debut. The panels are being sourced exclusively from LG, which is already a supplier for many Apple LCD panels, although it has not previously supplied the company with AMOLEDs. The projected sales are on the top end of those suggested by Morgan Stanley’s Katy Huberty, who previously said that the iWatch could"
2313,"North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has not been seen in public for more than a month, fuelling rumours he has been forced out of power, the Telegraph can disclose."
2314,"It's bad enough how much they crop it. Now I noticed what I thought was a speeding up. Turns out they speed it up a full 7.5 percent. The test: My computer has a tuner card. I used this tuner card to digitally record Seinfeld from Fox Chicago roughly 10 years ago (I archived the entire series). Then I found which episode was on TBS tonight. In the upper-right window is a live feed from the tuner card. The source is TBS's SD feed via Dish Network. The lower-right is video playback from the digital recording, also recorded from Dish Network in 2003. I fed the audio"
2317,"Prosecutors say the FBI is trying to validate an audio recording that allegedly captured the police shooting of Michael Brown — including what sounds like a volley of six shots, a brief pause, and then another four or five shots. The unidentified man who made the recording says he was using a phone app to create a video text message at the same time the unarmed 18-year-old was killed in a midday confrontation with a cop in Ferguson, Missouri, on Aug. 9, according to his lawyer, Lopa Blumenthal. ""He didn’t know necessarily what was going on outside until later, and that’s when he put two and two"
2318,"The sister of Luke Somers, the American photojournalist held captive by al-Qaeda militants in Yemen, says that he was killed in a failed rescue attempt, Saturday, according to the Associated Press. There are conflicting reports however, with the Reuters news agency reporting that Yemen's Defense Ministry said a raid by its forces Saturday freed a U.S. hostage, who was not named. Lucy Somers, who said that she had heard the news from FBI agents, said: ""We ask that all of Luke's family members be allowed to mourn in peace,"" according to a report from Sky News. The reports come just hours after the"
2321,"OFFICIAL: Celebrates wider range of identities and expressions, protects young women from sexual violence ELON, N.C. – Elon University has dropped the term “freshman” from its vocabulary and replaced it with “first-year,” a move made official this fall and implemented in everything from its website to orientation workshops."
2322,"In a post on her Facebook, Chandler is revealing she was actually born a boy, and named David Roy Fitch at birth. As a teenager however Chandler went on testosterone blockers and had her name changed and then, in her early twenties, underwent corrective surgery to get rid of her male genitalia."
2325,"BEIJING/SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is in firm control of his government but has hurt his leg, a source with access to the secretive North's leadership said on Thursday, playing down speculation over the 31-year-old's health and grip on power."
2326,"Home Alone star Macaulay Culkin is again the subject of death hoaxes, with the latest alleging that he was found dead in his Manhattan apartment on Friday just seven months after the last rumour"
2327,"A British rapper whose father is awaiting trial in Manhattan for a pair of US embassy bombings is a leading suspect in the barbaric beheading of American journalist James Foley, it was revealed..."
2328,"This is possibly the best resignation letter I've ever seen. No, scrap that. This IS the best resignation letter I've ever seen. An iPhone game developer quit his job by hiding a secret message at the end of a game he worked on called Electric Boogie. To see the message you have to [...]"
2329,"Google Inc. bought six office buildings northwest of its Silicon Valley headquarters from Starwood Capital Group and Blackstone Group Lp in a $585 million deal, two people with knowledge of the matter said."
2330,"Journeyman golfer Dan Olsen retracted claims Tiger Woods had been suspended by the PGA Tour for using performance-enhancing drugs after both the PGA Tour and Woods' agent, Mark Steinberg, vehemently denied the claims."
2332,"Early Sunday morning, Fox News' website broke the news of the death of 80s actor Judd Nelson: Or did it? That's not actually Fox News, but foxnews.es: Per Snopes the website features just that one post. 'Twas enough to turn the internet to grief mode, however. The Los Angeles Times followed up and find Nelson alive and well and reading that morning's edition. Could it have been Photoshopped? Is it a false flag? Is that actually latimes.es? #JuddNelson alive and reading @latimes!! pic.twitter.com/5JHq"
2334,"Authorities unearthed unmarked graves containing a number of bodies on the outskirts of a southern Mexico town where 43 students disappeared after a deadly police shooting last week. Inaky Blanco, chief prosecutor for the violence-plagued state of Guerrero, told reporters ""pits with bone remains"" had been found outside Iguala, 125 miles south of Mexico City. ""It's hard to be sure that it's the missing students because we must conduct expert tests and find similarities with the people being searched,"" a state police agent at the scene told AFP on condition of anonymity. The graves were in rough terrain in a hillside community that is"
2336,"Multi-millionaire religious ""guru"" Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh persuaded around 400 of his estimated 50 million followers worldwide to cut off their own testicles to ""bring them closer to God""."
2337,"Earlier reports claiming that Lebanese officials had captured the wife and child of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, have now been denied by Iraq. An Iraqi official told the Associated Press that the woman detained in Lebanon was not the wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State group. Iraqi Interior Ministry spokesman Saad Maan Ibrahim has clarified that the woman identified as Saja Abdul Hamid al Dulaimi, is an Iraqi national who travelled to Syria before arriving in Lebanon and not the wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The report noted that al-Baghdadi has two wives but"
2338,"A man in Australia has been dubbed “Spider Man” after a bizarre turn of events during a trip to Bali. A mark on Dylan Maxwell’s belly may look like a gruesome scar, but he says it’s actually the trail left by a spider that burrowed under his skin. The tiny tropical spider burrowed through a small appendix scar and traveled up into his torso, leaving a red, scar-like trail from his naval to his chest. It survived there for three days. Maxwell was visiting Indonesia when he says noticed what he thought was a scratch about an inch-long. He went to a doctor who told him"
2340,"The rapper died in the early hours of Tuesday morning after battling cancer, according to US reports American rapper and The Sugarhill Gang member Big Bank Hank has died at the age of 57. Big Bank Hank - real name Henry Jackson - died from kidney complications due to cancer in New Jersey, according to US website TMZ. Hank founded of The Sugarhill Gang along with Guy ""Master Gee"" O'Brien and Michael ""Wonder Mic"" Wright. Jean Baptiste Lacroix/WireImage The trio formed in the late '70s and were the first hip-hop act to score a mainstream rap hit with 1979 track Rapper's Delight"
2341,"Is Macaulay Culkin dead? No, he isn't, but the Internet would like everyone to believe he's dead yet again. The Hollywood Reporter stated on Nov. 8, 2014, that Culkin has been the victim of yet another celebrity death hoax."
2342,More graves have been discovered at the site where 43 students went missing.
2343,"Oscar-winner Christian Bale, who has played Batman and Moses, is about to take on another iconic figure: Steve Jobs. Sources confirm the actor is in talks to star in “Jobs,” Sony’s biopic about the late Apple co-founder. Based on Walter Isaacson’s biography “Steve Jobs,” the real-life drama is directed by Danny Boyle and written by Aaron Sorkin. Scott Rudin will produce along with Mark Gordon and Guymon Casady. Sorkin has publicly said the movie will be divided into three long scenes, each taking place backstage before one of Apple’s famous product launches. “The first"
2344,"North Korea may have a woman at the helm--Kim Jong-Un's sister Kim Yo Jong--according to a rash of rumors that have popped up recently. There's several pieces of the news, with some indicating that the dictator Jong-Un may no longer be in control of the country."
2345,"Video messaging firm confirmed today the tape where shots appear to ring out in the background was filmed at 12:02:14 PM (CDT) on August 9 The individual who made the recording has remained anonymous but handed tape over to the FBI Multiple shots can be heard - in two separate volleys of gunfire with a pause in the middle A video texting service confirmed today that an audio recording - which appears to contain the sound of shots fired by Officer Darren Wilson when he killed unarmed Michael Brown - is authentic. Chaim Haas, head of communications at Glide, verified the tape recorded by an unnamed individual in Ferguson, Missouri on August 9."
2347,"A uniformed soldier was shot at the Canadian War Memorial on Wednesday morning by a gunman dressed in dark clothing who fled toward Parliament Hill. There have been unconfirmed reports of more shootings inside Centre Block, and Parliament Hill is in lockdown mode."
2348,The Islamic State released a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
2349,"The Islamic State executioner known as 'Jihadi John' was today revealed to be a university graduate from London who flew to Syria despite being on an MI5 terror watch list. Mohammed Emwazi, 27, of Queen’s Park, west London, who studied computer programming at the University of Westminster, is said to have travelled to the Middle East in 2012 and later joined ISIS. Jihadi John has featured in the horrifying execution videos of U.S. journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, aid worker David Haines, 22 Syrian soldiers and Japanese reporter Kenji Goto. Scroll down for video Unmasked: The ISIS execution"
2351,"Sugarhill Gang's Henry 'Big Bank Hank' Jackson has died at the age of 57, confirms David Mallie, who manages the group's two remaining living members."
2352,"Six-time MLB All-Star Jose Canseco shot himself in the hand on Tuesday afternoon at his Las Vegas residence and is recovering at a hospital in the area. Spencer Lubitz of KTNV in Las Vegas added specifics about Canseco's condition: Natalie Cullen of CBS 8 News Now got confirmation through police that an accidental shooting had occurred at Canseco's home. Canseco, 50, enjoyed many of the best years of his career with the Oakland Athletics, winning an American League MVP award in 1988 and his first of two World Series titles in 1989. The slugger hit 462 total home runs, but"
2354,"Here at Consumerist HQ, we were both intrigued and horrified when a plausible-looking mockup of a pumpkin spice flavored condom spent the weekend circulating around the Internet. If pumpkin spice gum and bacon condoms can exist, why not? Alas, the wrapper circulating online isn't real, even though some people kind of want it to be. The image doesn't look very authentic, but a pumpkin spice condom is just plausible enough that people kept sharing the image. At first, Durex kept speculation alive by not commenting on the matter. Pumpkin spice is hot in the United States, sure, but could the mania support a"
2356,"Nigeria’s government and Boko Haram have agreed a ceasefire that brings closer the release of more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in the north of the country more than six months ago. Secret meetings held between the authorities in Abuja, the Nigerian capital, and representatives of the al-Qaeda-linked militia have led to an temporary agreement to lay down arms. Part of the deal includes “the need to rescue all the captives of the terrorists, including the students of Government Girls’ Secondary School, Chibok”, said Mike Omeri, anti-terrorism spokesman of the president’s national information centre. There would also be an immediate ceasefire,"
2360,"It was recorded on a helmet camera during a ""joint helicopter raid"" in the Now Zad district of Helmand Province in 2013, according to Sam Arnold, who posted the video on YouTube"
2362,"Banksy has not been arrested. Let's not bury the lede here, people. The news of his incarceration is, yet again, a hoax. If you woke up this morning to a Twitter feed filled with recycled ""OMG BANKSY WAS ARRESTED/WTF BANKSY WAS NOT ARRESTED"" exclamations, here's why."
2364,"The US is assessing whether an airstrike on an encampment in Somalia killed the leader of the Al Shabaab terrorist group. Pentagon spokesman John Kirby said drones and manned aircraft bombed a gathering of Al Shabaab commanders in a camp in south-central Somalia on Monday. ""US special operations forces using manned and unmanned aircraft destroyed an encampment and a vehicle using several Hellfire missiles and laser-guided munitions,"" he said. Mr Kirby confirmed that the attack was aimed at leader Ahmed Abdi Godane, also referred to as Abu-Zubayr, and that the bombs definitely hit the meeting of Shabaab chiefs. But he said it was unclear"
2365,"When Apple introduced its Apple Watch in September, the company said there would be three editions along with various face options and bands. Customers will literally have dozens of watch configurations to choose from. Only the base model got an official price of $349, however. Now a report claims to have pricing information on other editions. MacRumors spotted a French blog whose sources suggest the stainless steel Apple Watch variant will start at $500 while gold models could cost $4,000 and up. The iGen blog has been credible in the past, correctly predicting the size of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. If you take the view that Apple Watch is simply another"
2367,Judicial Watch has reported that ISIS members crossed the Mexican border.
2369,"To be fair, if you've spent £1.5 million on a Bugatti Veyron you probably should put a bit of thought into where you leave it. But that's still no excuse for this... Yup, a big old cock and balls was apparently spray-painted on the bonnet of one of the 1200hp supercars in Seattle. Reaction has been mixed to say the least. Some were filled with praise. vandal painted a brilliantly simple penis on a $2 Million Bugatti Veyron pic.twitter.com/oKrCZRt5u0 (via @digg) — Stef Stivala (@stefstivala)"
2370,"It was a heartwarming story for legions of pet owners and animal lovers around the world. Pope Francis, talking to a distraught boy whose pet had died, declared there was a place in heaven for the creatures we share our lives with."
2371,"Breaking news: The Teletubbies’ solar infant deity is none other than an English 19-year old. Which 'Oogieloves' star (yes, there are actual stars) should be most embarrassed? 'Teletubbies' recap: Po voted out of the pod! The folks at the Mirror U.K. report the true identity of the baby as Jess Smith, a dance-education student at Canterbury Christ Church University. (Not that other Jessica Smith from Laguna Beach; this Smith was vehement in that fact.) “I am the sun from Teletubbies. There has been quite a few people"
2372,"The NYPD’s old strategy for combating pot possession is going up in smoke. In a historic change, city cops will stop arresting people on low-level marijuana charges and issue tickets instead, various police and other sources said Monday."
2374,"WASHINGTON — The Pentagon on Friday confirmed the death of the leader of the al-Shabab terror group, Ahmed Abdi Godane, who was the target of a U.S. airstrike Monday in Somalia."
2375,"This post was widely shared over the internet yesterday as being the work of graffiti artist Banksy. View on Instagram However, it’s by illustrator Lucille Clerc. You can see more of her work here. BuzzFeed was also one of several media outlets to mistakenly credit the image to Banksy. A correction has now been issued."
2376,"Islamic State militants have released a statement claiming that a female American aid worker has been killed during a Jordanian air strike. Kayla Jean Mueller, 26, is understood to be the last U.S. hostage held by the terror group, which had been demanding $6.6 million - £4.3million - for her release. Her death is not yet been verified by independent sources and could easily be a propaganda move by the terror group to lay blame for the woman's death at the door of Jordan. Earlier this week the Kingdom vowed to destroy ISIS and stepped up airstrikes on the group's de facto capital Raqqa after the militants filmed"
2377,"VideoDoes Russia have better smartphones or are Russians just better photographers under pressure – like when a Yeti walks directly in front of them? Whatever the case, the quest for better pictures and videos of Bigfoot, Yeti, Almasti and their counterparts got a new entry this week from Adygeysk, Russia. That’s [...]"
2379,"What happened when Texas City plumbers put a black pickup truck up for auction more than a year ago? This week, Mark Oberholtzer is among those trying to piece together the story. An Islamic extremist group in Syria was photographed opening fire off of the back of that very same F-250 truck -- the company's name and phone number printed on the side -- and that image is now circulating around the Internet. A representative of Mr. Oberholtzer's company, Mark-1 Plumbing Company, tells CBS News that the company lost track of the truck after selling it to an AutoNation dealership in Houston last year. Were members of the"
2385,"Congressional Republicans have been pushing the ""ISIS At the Border"" line so hard they may now be hearing things. Representative Duncan Hunter (R-CA) told Fox News' Greta van Susteren Tuesday that ""at least ten ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas,"" saying he received the information from a border patrol source."
2386,"In a horrifying act of revenge for U.S. airstrikes in northern Iraq, militants with the Islamic State extremist group have beheaded American journalist James Foley — and are threatening to kill another hostage, U.S. officials say."
2387,"The terror group ISIS released a statement today claiming that Kayla Mueller, a female American hostage the group had been holding, was killed in a Jordanian airstrike recently. The statement, which circulated on Twitter, said an airstrike outside Raqqa, Syria killed the 26-year-old Mueller. The statement used Mueller’s full name, which had not been public. The claim could not be immediately confirmed and ISIS did not provide photographic evidence of Mueller’s death, as the group has in the past with other hostages and its own fighters. ISIS Expands Into Libya While Bedeviling World With Latest Hostage Drama New ISIS Video"
2388,"James Foley went missing in November 2012 A video posted online Tuesday purportedly shows an Islamist extremist beheading James Foley, an American journalist kidnapped in Syria more than 18 months ago."
2389,"Small-time drug offenders in New York City could soon find themselves on the receiving end of a ticket instead of inside a jail cell if a policy change on low-level marijuana possession is adopted this week. The move would overwhelmingly affect black and Latino residents, who represented 86 percent of marijuana possession arrests in the city this year, according to the Marijuana Arrest Research Project. Advocates of criminal justice reform applaud the proposal as a step toward softening the long-term consequences of having a minor drug offense on one’s record, but there is a chance that the policy, which New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is expected to announce Monday,"
2391,"VLADIMIR Putin’s Motorcade looks like a massive knob:
Spotter: UsVThem"
2397,A pro-Isis news agency has released a video purportedly showing military aid airdropped by US forces and meant for Kurdish forces defending Kobani being captured by Islamic State (Isis) militants instead
2398,"His voice served as a call to action, an echo that continues today whenever a kid bellows the word “hip hop” into a microphone. It was in Henry “Big Bank Hank” Jackson’s lyrical wobble, the way he rapped through the Sugarhill Gang’s “Rapper’s Delight,” the singular hit that propelled a movement when it was released in 1979. Jackson, 57, died Tuesday morning after complications from cancer, but his influence remains. The news was confirmed by David Mallie, the business manager for the two surviving members of the original Sugarhill Gang, Guy “Master Gee” O’Brien and"
2399,"Rumors of the death of former Cuban leader Fidel Castro have spread across the exile community and across social media. El Diario de las Américas, a Florida-based publication read mostly by Cuban exiles, reported Thursday that the Cuban government had called a press conference amid speculation about Castro’s health. The Cuban government later disputed the report, saying no such press event had been planned, according to AFP’s correspondent in Havana. The Cuban government’s lack of transparency and the lack of an independent mass media on the island have long provided fertile ground for rumor’s of 88-year-old Castro’s death since he"
2401,"After multiple delays, the launch of the Apple Watch will be put off until early next year, Rosenblatt Securities Senior Research Analyst Brian Blair said Friday. ""There's really no right time of the year for this product to come out because really hasn't existed yet,"" said Blair. ""It is kind of a strange period, but the more production gets pushed back, the later it's going to launch. It looks like right now February is the best shot they have."" On CNBC's ""Fast Money,"" Blair said that the majority of the issues Apple is addressing with the delay are internal, one of which is"
2403,"More than 200 missing schoolgirls kidnapped by the Islamic extremist group Boko Haram may be released as part of an immediate cease-fire agreement announced Friday with the Nigerian government, according to multiple media reports."
2404,"In a new video, ISIS shows American-made weapons it says were intended for the Kurds but actually were air dropped into territory they control. At least one bundle of U.S. weapons airdropped in Syria appears to have fallen into the hands of ISIS, a dangerous misfire in the American mission to speed aid to Kurdish forces making their stand in Kobani. Source: The Daily Beast. Read full article."
2405,"A man says Comcast contacted his employer and got him fired after he called to complain about the company's service. The Consumerist reports that a man known as Conal complained to Comcast after he was billed for services he didn't actually have. After Conal's complaint, the company promised him extra television channels as a make-good but instead sent him a variety of equipment he didn't need. Conal, who says he works for a large American accountancy firm, compiled a spreadsheet showing every erroneous charge he had received from Comcast, which he sent to the company. Comcast then apparently refused to reverse the error,"
2406,"Could ISIS fighters be training as warplane pilots capable of turning their weapons on coalition aircraft? That's the worrying prospect suggested by an unverified report from the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights that ISIS has three warplanes in its possession in northern Syria. The Syrian opposition group also claims, citing reliable sources in Syria, that former Iraqi military officers are training members of the Sunni extremist militant group to fly them. The planes are at the Al-Jarrah military airport east of the contested city of Aleppo, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. The former Iraqi military officers are among those who have joined ISIS, and people"
2407,"Published claims that a NYC high school student made a fortune trading securities turn out to be exaggerated. Well, here's a creative way to make your college application stand out: Mohammed Islam, a senior at New York City's Stuyvesant High School, has become a local celebrity with the publication of a profile in New York magazine that claims he's made $72 million by trading stocks and other securities in between classes, homework, and extracurricular activities. Islam, who also appeared on Business Insider's 20 under 20 list last year, says he has been trading stocks since he was 9, having been taught by an older cousin who now"
2408,"By Sylvia Westall BEIRUT (Reuters) – Iraqi pilots who have joined Islamic State in Syria are training members of the group to fly in three captured fighter jets, a group monitoring the war said on Friday, saying it was the first time the militant group had taken to the air."
2409,"The man who jumped over the White House fence and raced across the front lawn made it farther inside the building than was previously disclosed, barreling past one Secret Service agent and making it inside the building’s first floor, according to a report in the Washington Post published Monday."
2410,"Canadian media reports say that shots have been fired at the National War Memorial in Ottawa.

The national broadcaster CBC reports that a soldier has been shot."
2411,"A McDonald's burger bought 20 years ago has an uncanny resemblance to its modern day counterpart. Twenty years ago, opening statements in the OJ Simpson trial were being heard, a company called AOL rolled out Internet service, and two Aussie blokes purchased a hamburger from a local McD's. Two of those three things changed dramatically; one didn't, and in another 20 years that burger offering will no doubt still be going strong in all its wrinkled, uber-preserved glory. According to 9News.com out of Australia, friends Casey Dean and Eduard Nitz, only 13 and 14 years old at the time, bought"
2412,Reporting in the Telegraph states that US drones are hunting for al-Baghdadi.
2413,"You may have a seen a story going around Facebook that promises you'll be able to float in the air on January 4th as a result of a planetary alignment that will ""decrease gravity"" for 5 minutes. Unfortunately, it is total bullshit. The story originates from DailyBuzzLive, a fake news site that admits it occasionally publishes ""works of complete fiction,"" and it's being widely shared because it includes a tweet from NASA that boosts its apparent credibility. But NASA denies both the tweet and the bogus claim that a planetary alignment will somehow let you float for 3 seconds at a time: ""These rumors are false and"
2414,"A heartbroken woman in Chengdu, China did the right thing after she was dumped by her boyfriend; instead of going on a partying bender or staying in and watching Friends reruns, she staked out a spot at the local KFC and went to town on some chicken wings. Tan Shen, 26, says she stopped at a KFC near a train station on her way home from the breakup when she decided you know what, fuck this, this feels right and good and I don't need that asshole anyway. It's all about these wings. These wings right in front of me. One week's worth of wings,"
2415,A schoolboy almost killed by an electric shock from a street lamp now claims he has &lsquo;magnetic superpowers&rsquo; like Magneto from X-Men.
2417,"So it wasn’t just “discomfort” that’s been troubling North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un? Kim is being treated in a hospital because he has become so fat that his ankles fractured under his own weight, according to a report in The Telegraph that was attributed to South Korea’s Chosun Ilbo newspaper."
2418,"North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un could be opening a restaurant in Scotland and serving national favorites such as dog on the menu, experts said. ""The Scottish independence referendum catapulted Scotland into the North Korean elite's thoughts,"" Michael Madden, editor of the North Korea Leadership Watch blog, told the Edinburgh Evening News."
2419,"Along with unveiling the Apple Watch earlier this year, the company also announced that the prices for the wearable device will start at $349. French website iGen.fr now claims to have an idea about the pricing of the stainless steel variant, as well as the gold variant."
2420,"An app manipulation farm sounds like someplace developers would go for a weekend retreat, complete with chiropractor sessions. In fact -- according to a photo which has gone viral on social media in China -- it's a place where devs can pay for their apps' download numbers to be artificially inflated. Why would anyone want to do this? Simply put: because more downloads (perhaps accompanied by positive reviews) enhances apps' chart position, thereby raising their discoverability level, and hopefully prompting people to download them. The photo in question appears to show a worker at one such place, sitting in front of what look like around 100 iPhone 5c units"
2421,"Apple has been evaluating platinum for future versions of the Apple Watch, and may be using ceramic blending to achieve the extra-durable gold in first-generation Edition units, according to a new report."
2423,"It appears that there may be a serious bug with the ""Reset All Settings"" option in iOS 8, causing users who activate the feature to lose all of their iWork documents stored in iCloud Drive. According to multiple posters on the MacRumors forums, using the ""Reset All Settings"" option under General --> Reset has caused documents to be permanently deleted from iCloud Drive. Because iOS 8 was so sluggish on my iPad 3 I reset all settings (No data or media will be deleted) and sped it up BUT deleted my iWork data! Then promptly synced and deleted it in iCloud.I have public beta of Yosemite so can'"
2424,A TYPE of super-strong magic mushroom has been found growing in the Queen’s garden.
2431,"The Apple Watch is on track for a February release, according to supply chain sources in China. A February launch echoes an earlier report from The Information, which said Apple will be ""lucky"" to ship by Valentine's Day. While mass manufacturing of the Apple Watch hasn't begun yet, there are already concerns that sapphire [...]"
2432,A California company is hoping to revolutionize the security business with autonomous robots. The Knightscope K5 is one of four drones now patrolling Microsoft's Silicon Valley Campus.
2433,"Jordan’s King Abdullah is reportedly personally involved in executing air strikes against Islamic State positions in the aftermath of the terrorist group’s brutal execution of Jordanian pilot 1st Lt. Moaz Kasasbeh. Shafaqna news and Iraqinews.com claimed to have confirmed with their sources that King Abdullah is personally involved in conducting the air strikes. What remains unclear is whether Abdullah is personally suiting up and flying a plane, or instead commanding units involved in the mission. “The Jordanian King Abdullah II will participate personally on Thursday in conducting air strikes against the shelters of the terrorist ISIL organization to revenge the execution of the Jordanian pilot [Kas"
2434,Two of the nation’s leading experts on the use of deadly force by the police are warning against overreaction to an audio recording that purportedly captures the sound of the gunshots that killed Michael Brown.
2438,"Innovative might not be the first word that comes to mind in describing Comcast. But are we giving the company credit where credit is due? Let's face it, after that harrowing 18-minute customer service call went viral in July, it looked like Comcast had nothing more to strive for—it had reached peak horrible. Yet if reports this week are accurate, Comcast has continued to shine as an innovator in the competitive field of corporate terribleness: It got a customer's employer to fire him for complaining about shoddy customer service. The full story in all its sadistic glory is at Consumerist, but here's the SparkNotes version"
2440,UK Prime Minister Cameron confirmed Haines' death and stated that the UK government was working to verify the video.
2441,"An Indian public official has been sacked for taking leave 24 years ago and never returning to his desk in the country’s notoriously work-shy bureaucracy, the urban development ministry said. Assistant executive engineer A.K Verma went on leave in 1990 after joining India’s central public works department (CPWD) a decade earlier. Verma defied bosses’ orders to return to work after his requests for additional leave were denied. “He went on seeking extension of leave, which was not sanctioned, and defied directions to report to work,” the government said in a statement on Thursday. Even after an inquiry found him guilty of “wilful absence"
2442,"Google Inc. has cemented a pair of massive real estate deals in Sunnyvale and Redwood City that boost the company's Silicon Valley footprint by 2.8 million square feet – about the size of the Empire State Building and enough room for more than 10,000 workers. Even by Google standards, the latest transactions are blockbusters: In one deal, Google has agreed to lease all of Jay Paul Co.'s Moffett Place, a 1.9 million square foot office campus currently under construction in Sunnyvale. It's a contender for the largest office lease ever signed in Silicon Valley and perhaps the state of California. In a separate but no less notable deal"
2443,There have been reports of predator drones being launched from Iraq and reports of a US drone flying over Syria.
2444,"A luxe Viking island owned by the world's sixth-richest athlete, golfer Tiger Woods, is up for sale, the Telegraph of London reports. Naturally it has room for putting practice, with half a dozen tee boxes and a golf hole. It also has a private ferry, stables and pasture land, its own protected bay, a ""mini-mansion"" of a villa, a hunting lodge and a landing strip. Oh -- and it also has a ""hill fort"" dating back to the Stone, Bronze and Iron ages that was more recently (about a thousand years ago) a Viking stronghold. Visitors can take"
2445,"The story of the Catholic priest who supposedly died briefly and saw a female God has gained massive traction online, sparking debates on Reddit and getting picked up by everyone from the Dallas/Ft. Worth radio station KVIL-FM to viral news sites such as Inquisitr. Yet the story does not appear to spring from any news outlets close to Boston, Massachusetts, where the priest was reportedly working."
2446,"RESIDENTS fear a mechanical six-foot-tall carol singing bear could be hit with an ASBO after receiving complaints his festive tunes were causing a noise nuisance. Although the bear, named B..."
2447,A salacious sex tape from an Argentinian teacher’s affair with her 16-year-old student is likely nothing more than an Internet hoax. An Argentinian newspaper debunked the racy story.
2448,"Eleven commercial jets have reportedly been stolen in recent weeks in Libya, and Western intelligence agencies have begun warning they could be used in terror attacks on Sept. 11, the anniversary of the devastating Osama bin Laden-orchestrated attacks on New York and Washington that left nearly 3,000 dead."
2450,"ISIS militants released gruesome video footage this afternoon of the beheading of American photojournalist James Wright Foley as a message to the U.S. to stop intervening in Iraq. Foley, a freelancer who contributed to the Global Post, was first captured in Libya in 2012, released, and then kidnapped again around Thanksgiving 2012 by unidentified gunmen in Syria. He was 39 years old. The (extremely disturbing) video can be viewed here. @Mujahid4life tweeted stills from it, which are (aside from the one below), sickeningly graphic. The Global Post reported the circumstances of his disappearance last year, after attempting to keep the news"
2451,"The recent disappearance of domestic animals in the neighborhood started to arise suspicion from local residents when some people started to notice the old lady’s particular fur coats, some even recognizing their cats in the coat’s furs, a fact the lady vehemently denied before being caught on videotape by a private detective hired by local residents to follow the suspicious lady. It is believed the old lady started at first to raise her own cats but finally decided to capture neighboring cats because she “got too much attached to the little critters”, she admitted in court. It is estimated she used over 30 cats to make one single fur coat and over 20 fur coats"
2452,"Reports in recent days had suggested that North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un may open a restaurant in Scotland, exposing the western world to a variety of delicacies including dog meat."
2453,A short video clip has been circulating online Tuesday that purports to show Saudi Arabia's state television station blurring out the image of First Lady Michelle Obama as she and President Barack Obama met the new Saudi King during a visit to that country this week.
2454,"A woman who claims to be the girlfriend of Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps revealed in a Facebook post that she was born intersex, a fact she has not previously revealed to Phelps, among others."
2455,"Cristian Bale is eyeing &mdash; or i-ing, if you prefer &mdash; the role of Apple founder Steve Jobs. The 40-year-old English actor is in talks to play the charismatic tech genius who gave the world the iMac, the iPod and the iPhone in Sony's upcoming biopic, The Times has confirmed. The Hollywood Reporter broke the news. Danny Boyle (""Slumdog Millionaire,"" ""Trainspotting"") is directing the film, which may be called ""Jobs,"" from a script by Aaron Sorkin, who won a screenwriting Oscar for the Facebook drama ""The Social Network"" (released by Sony"
2456,"Saudis in the northern areas drew on their imagination and sense of fun as they braved the cold weather to build snow camels in a rare tribute to the local culture. One citizen in the Province of Tarif used his snow camel to promote the colours of local teams, drawing praise from the fans, while another opted for the traditional ghitra and agal to cover the head of the snowman he built. However, it was not all fun for Saudis after a religious scholar said that building snowmen or snow animals was not acceptable in Islam. The fatwa, by Mohammad Saleh Al Minjed, said that building snowmen or"
2458,"A man's letter of resignation from his job has gone viral for good reason, as he pretty much says everything that anyone with a terrible boss has ever wanted to say. According to reports, an iPhone game designer decided he had had enough with his job and his boss, so instead of placing a letter of resignation on the higher-up's desk, he decided to put the letter at the end of a game he helped design called Electric Boogie. The letter of resignation can reportedly only be accessed if the user gets 100 points on the final level, but the effort to see it is well worth it. Brody – Working for"
2459,"For Joe Riquelme's parents, the miracle came in the form of a plain white envelope containing a handwritten note from their son telling them he had paid off their mortgage"
2463,"ABUJA, Nigeria — The leader of Nigeria's Islamist extremist group dashed hopes for the release of 200 kidnapped girls Saturday, denying reports of a truce with the government. In a new video message, Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau says the schoolgirls have converted to Islam and married off."
2468,"Fear not, the street artist is still roaming free, spray can in hand Banksy has not been arrested, despite a report stating the contrary. “The Banksy arrest is a hoax,” the street artist’s publicist, Jo Brooks, told The Independent. However, the prank seems to have duped the internet, with his name quickly trending on Twitter."
2469,"The United States appears to now be flying unarmed surveillance drones over the IS stronghold of Raqqa, Syria. The pictures thus far suggest that the drone being used is the Predator. The two photos show the distinct downward facing V-shaped tail used on Predator drones, and the aircraft does not appear to be carrying any missiles. As such, the available evidence indicates that the drone is being used for surveillance purposes, rather than in a hunter-killer type mission. According to local activists, the drone has been circling over the city for three hours. If the reports are true, this would suggest that the air environment over Raqqa"
2470,"The mystery surrounding North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un's disappearance from the spotlight deepened today when he failed to show for a Workers' Party anniversary celebration. It was the first time in three years Kim hadn't attended the event in Pyongyang, which today marked the party's 69th anniversary. But while Kim wasn't there in person, a flower basket with his name on it was placed before statues of his father and grandfather, both of whom also ruled North Korea. Scroll down for video Kim Jong Un was absent from the Workers' Party 69th anniversary celebrations in Pyongyang today, but a flower basket baring his name was"
2471,"Gill Rosenberg, a Canadian-born woman and resident of Tel Aviv who volunteered to fight alongside Kurdish fighters in Syria, is reported to have been captured near Kobani"
2472,"The Apple Watch's ability to survive in water isn't surprising, since it's designed as a workout accessory in addition to something people wear around town. The device has to be at least somewhat resistant to human sweat, and in protecting it against that kind of moisture, it makes sense that Apple's engineers would make it showerproof as well. Apple hasn't claimed that it's fully waterproof, which may make it less appealing to swimmers, divers and other people who want their timepieces to survive an extended dip in the water."
2473,"Kim Yo-jong, the younger sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, might be leading the hermit kingdom instead of her brother, a recent report from Seoul-based think tank, North Korea Intellectuals Solidarity (NKIS) revealed."
2474,"Two Australian men think they may be in possession of the world's oldest burger, after they kept a Quarter Pounder with cheese bought for a friend who never turned up to eat it"
2475,"We reported on Monday that a meteor, thought possibly to be a chunk of an Earth-passing asteroid, was the cause of a 40-foot crater outside the international airport in the Nicaraguan capital. But astronomers and NASA scientists are now casting doubt on that possibility. The biggest mystery is that no one so far has reported seeing a flash of light in the sky that would be expected to accompany such a meteor strike. ""While a meteoritic origin for this crater cannot be ruled out with absolute certainty, the information available at this time suggests that some other cause is responsible for its creation,"" NASA's blog concludes."
2476,"Apple is continuing to experience ""Hairgate"" problems but they may just be a publicity stunt launched by the company."
2477,"Where is Kim Jong Un? The saber-rattling North Korean leader has not been seen in public for more than a month, spurring rumors he is ill and leading to speculation over who — if anyone — has filled the power vacuum in Pyongyang."
2478,A hallucinogenic toadstool mushroom is growing in the gardens of Buckingham Palace. The red and white spotted Amanita muscaria species - also known as fly agaric - has been discovered by Alan Titchmarsh while on tour of the grounds with ecology expert Professor Mick Crawley.
2479,"A NUN in Italy was rushed to hospital with stomach pains only to discover she was pregnant and about to give birth. Italian media reports that the nun, 31, originally from South America, was part of th..."
2480,"A tour of the royal grounds at Buckingham Palace went through the looking glass when so-called “magic mushrooms” were found in the garden, The Telegraph reports. The discovery was made while a television crew was touring the gardens in preparation for an ITV television show called The Queen’s Garden, which will air on Christmas day. While taping the show gardening expert Alan Titchmarsh and ecology expert Professor Mick Crawley noticed some red and white spotted fungi. Titchmarsh asked, “Is it edible?” and, according to The Telegraph, Professor Crawley replied, “That depends what you mean.” The fungus found in the Queen’s"
2481,"An audio recording released Tuesday morning may shed light on the death of a Missouri teenager fatally shot by a police officer Aug. 9. The tape, provided to CNN, allegedly contains audio captured during a Ferguson resident's video chat at the time of the shooting."
2483,Offers have been pouring in to re-home a dog found abandoned at a train station along with a suitcase filled with his belongings. Kai’s heart-breaking story received media attention around the world after he was discovered tied to a railing outside Ayr station in Scotland. The Scottish SPCA has received hundreds of messages online after Wimbledon champion Andy Murray and Trainspotting author Irvine Welsh tweeted about Kai. A spokeswoman for the charity said it has received dozens of calls from members of the public offering Kai a new home. “The phone’s been ringing off the hook all day. We’ve had over 100 offers to take him on.
2485,"Although Apple has given us our first peek at the Apple Watch, so far we don’t know much about it, including when it will be released or how much its many versions will cost. A new report, however, provides some possible answers to these questions."
2489,"Sorry to disappoint, fans of Led Zeppelin, but it doesn't look like a reunion will be happening any time soon. According to a report from UK publication The Mirror, the group's famed lead singer Robert Plant literally tore up a contract to reunite the band worth almost $800 million, saying the timing just wasn't [...]"
2490,"While other global leaders rant their exasperations and anger towards the extremists ISIS fighters and its entire caliphate, one leader may just take matters in his own hands."
2492,"SAN SEVERINO - Go to the hospital accusing a terrible stomach ache and comes out clutching their arms a pretty baby. It would just be a story with a happy ending, a birth like many, one that comes from the lanes of the department of obstetrics and gynecology of ""Bartolomeo Eustachio"" San Severino Marche were it not for the fact that the protagonist of the race to the hospital this time it was a new mother any but a nun who had sworn, years ago, chastity to the Lord with eternal fidelity."
2495,"Islamic State militants appear to have killed missing American journalist James Wright Foley, if a video that surfaced Tuesday is to be believed. Foley was a freelancer who frequently reported for the Global Post and Agence France-Presse about ongoing conflicts in the Middle East. When Foley first disappeared in Syria, reports indicated that he had been captured by pro-government forces. Instead, it appears that his captors were members of ISIS. He had previously been kidnapped in Libya. The video that surfaced Tuesday first shows a clip from President Obama's press conference calling for air strikes against ""the terrorist group ISIL."" About halfway in, a man believed to"
2496,"A Macedonian man chopped off his penis and threw it in the bin after he was dumped by his girlfriend for his lack of bedroom skills. The man told medics he felt his small-sized penis was to blame for the split. And, he said, as it was useless he decided to cut it off. Oliver Ilic, 22, had called medics after he could not stop the bleeding. And the jilted lover was taken on a stretcher in bloodstained jeans to hospital in the eastern town of Kocani. Police searched his house and discovered the severed organ in a bin after it had been cut off with a"
2497,"If 9to5Mac’s latest findings are true, than Apple’s biggest product of the year could be the MacBook Air. (You know, right behind the Apple Watch.) According to early reports, Apple has completely redesigned the MacBook Air, ditching the full-sized USB port, MagSafe connector, and SD card slots for something entirely different. 9to5Mac’s Mark Gurman writes: “The 12-inch MacBook Air will be considerably smaller than the current 13-inch version, yet also slightly narrower than the 11-inch model. The new 12-inch version is approximately a quarter-of-an-inch narrower"
2498,"In case you missed it, Vogue Magazine, one of the most glamorous institutions in the country has been dealing with the least glamorous issue ever: a rat infestation. The rodents have literally been living it up in Vogue's new luxurious digs at 1 World Trade Center in New York City. Reportedly, the rats [...]"
2501,"In response to Ebola Scare in Kansas City : Via KCTV - 5: The person who was rushed to Research Medical Center in Kansas City, Missouri Saturday night is a man - not a woman as previously reported, and hospital officials now say the patient is not being treated for Ebola. HCA Midwest assistant vice president Chris Hamele said that the patient does not have the symptom profile of virus and is being treated appropriately for his condition. Last night, it was reported that all or part of the medical facility was under quarantine. It is still unknown what the Nigerian man is suffering from or if anyone else is sick. This afternoon when Breitbart"
2502,"Macaulay Culkin was allegedly found dead in his New York City apartment, according to a shocking new report spreading online. Could the Home Alone star really have died? Fans are completely stunned."
2504,"Seven girls aged between 13 and 14 have fallen pregnant after going on a school trip in Bosnia. Furious parents are demanding to know why there was such a lack of teacher supervision when the girls, from the town of Banja Luka, returned from a five-day trip to the capital city."
2506,"Fidel Castro was pronounced dead on Twitter sometime around 3:59 p.m. on Thursday. It was an unconfirmed rumor, of course, but it was announced confidently so many folks assumed it was true -- or at least worthy of retweet. Then separate rumors started about Raul Castro calling a press conference at 9 a.m. or 11 a.m. today, allegedly to announce his brother's death. As South America's Twittersphere caught fire, some started questioning whether the users in their feed were even talking about the right Fidel Castro. After all, Al Jazeera reported on Jan. 4 that the Fidel Castro Odinga,"
2508,"Seven Bosnian teenagers became pregnant on a five-day school trip, angering parents and educators, according to public health officials. The teens, from small town Banja Luka, are 13 and 14 years old, said Nenad Babici, the national coordinator for reproductive health."
2509,"Islamic State group fighters seized at least one cache of weapons airdropped by U.S.-led coalition forces that were meant to supply Kurdish militiamen battling the extremist group in a border town, activists said Tuesday."
2511,The TV news weather forecast appeared to call for yellow snow — but the network says it was not so. NBC weatherman Mike Seidel missed a live report from snow-blanketed North Carolina on Saturday night because his back was to the camera.
2514,"So... Rebecca Schoenkopf over at Wonkette is pretty certain that actor Paul Rudd was one of the many bystanders who tackled a violent, homophobic maniac to the ground after he attacked a man in a pink shirt at the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport last week. And after reviewing the video, we are pretty sure she’s right. Check out the guy in the blazer and plaid shirt who runs into the frame at around the 1:20 mark: A lot white guys look like Paul Rudd, but this guy really looks like Paul Rudd. And on top of that, thanks to the expert sleuth work of comedian Sara Benincasa"
2515,"Et si Dieu était une femme? C'est ce qu'affirme le pre John Micheal O’neal, prtre de 71 ans dans le Massachusetts. Le 29 janvier dernier, il est amené d’urgence  l’hpital, victime d'une crise cardiaque. Quelques minutes aprs son arrivée, il est déclaré cliniquement mort. Les médecins parviennent finalement  le ramener  la vie en redémarrant son"
2519,"On Friday, a rumor cropped up that one of the new Batmobile vehicles had been stolen in Detroit. The story wasn't verified, but it did end up at a couple bigger news outlets. Because who can resist the phrase ""stolen Batmobile""? Thankfully it was all just a rumor, but the story did give Batman v Superman director Zack Snyder a reason to pull together some of the minor resources at his disposal for a great photo op. Bleeding Cool had the original rumor, and also hilariously scolded CBS for picking up the story. In an update, the site even praised the Detroit Free Press for killing the story BC created in"
2520,"Anna Wintour, editor-in-chief on Vogue magazine is allegedly displeased with the publications's new 1 World Trade Center offices. Their new workplace at the 25th and 26th floors of the building is said to be infested with rats and vermins."
2521,"It may feel like winter is slowly squeezing all the sunlight out of your day, but if you see any news stories claiming the Earth is headed for ‘Six Days of Total Darkness’ then don’t start stocking up on the tins of beans and torches just yet."
2523,"THE hunt is on to find the owner of a dog who was abandoned at a railway station with its belongings in a suitcase. Kai, a male Shar-Pei crossbreed was found tied to a railing outside Ayr..."
2524,"President Obama said Wednesday that the United States “will be vigilant and we will be relentless” against Islamic State militants and would “do what’s necessary to see that justice is done” following the videotaped execution of an American journalist. “Today the entire world is appalled at the brutal murder of James Foley by the terrorist group ISIL,” Obama said, using one of several acronyms for the group. The militants, who posted the video on YouTube Tuesday, said Foley’s killing was in retaliation for U.S. airstrikes in Iraq. Obama, who spoke Wednesday morning to Foley’s parents, offered no new policy measures to confront Islamic"
2525,"Oh Internet, when will you ever stop killing perfectly healthy celebrities, or at least those that are healthy enough to be alive? Today, one of those ridiculously stupid and fake-looking hoax sites that generates random celebrity death stories once again proved that people are gullible and should have to take IQ tests to use the Internet. Looking like an MSNBC page that stopped loading in 2004, the farticle (that’s my name for these fake articles) claimed that sources were “reporting” that Guns N’ Roses frontman Axl Rose was found dead yesterday from unknown causes in his West Hollywood home. “The home was entered by police through an open"
2526,"Update: Since the publication of this article, several people have reported that this may be a hoax. A 'feminist' blog from the US has caused outrage after its author apparently admitted aborting her male fetus based on her negative past experiences of men. In an article so astounding it is difficult to believe it is actually true, 'Lana' even expresses surprise [...]"
2528,Three British men waging jihad in the Middle East alongside the Islamic State (IS) have emerged as potential identities for the masked extremist who killed James Foley in a brutal propaganda video.
2529,"While Daleks ""know no fear"" and ""must not fear,"" the cold, calculating robots from the Dr. Who series don't exist in the real world yet and Microsoft has had to settle on the next best thing for securing its campuses: the K5."
2530,"More than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped in April, sparking the #BringBackOurGirls campaign A top military official in Nigeria was reported Friday to have announced a cease-fire between the government and the military group Boko Haram, igniting both skepticism and hopes that more than 200 schoolgirls who were kidnapped in April would be released."
2531,"A Guantanamo Bay prisoner released last year as part of an exchange for captured US serviceman Bowe Bergdahl has resumed contact with the Taliban, according to reports."
2532,"ANN ARBOR, Mich. – A pizza delivery man in Michigan got a huge surprise when he made a special delivery to a hotel last week.
“Rob”, the delivery driver, thought he was dropping off food for a guest, but he was escorted to a conference room where 200 Keller Williams realtors were holding their annual conference.
They surprised him with a tip of more than $2,000 plus a VISA gift card, some lottery tickets and letters of encouragement.
Rob was stunned.
The realtors said they wanted to do something special for someone in the service industry."
